i congratulate senator sanders on his strong showing tonight, and i am so grateful to all of you who voted for me. 
"the measure of our success must be how much incomes rise for hard-working families—not just for successful ceos and money managers."
to win this, we need to start strong—that's why early donations are so critical. chip in:
this should go without saying: taking nuclear war lightly is disqualifying for anyone seeking to be president of the united states.
trump loves his "make america great again" hat a lot for a guy who outsourced jobs to 12 different countries.
no family should have to pay more than 10% of its income on child care.
"gay rights are human rights." watch how hillary helped advance gay rights around the world as secretary of state.
let’s be clear: islam isn't our enemy. hateful rhetoric against muslims isn't just wrong—it plays into terrorists' hands.
heartbreaking news from charleston - my thoughts and prayers are with you all. 
no american working full-time should have to struggle to get by. raising wages will help lift millions out of poverty.
thanks to this loophole, people who wouldn't pass an fbi background check have been able to get guns anyway.
"it’s outrageous that, in 2015, you can still be fired for being gay...this kind of discrimination goes against everything we stand for."
thanks to you, we made history tonight. celebrate with a free magnet:
“i’m hillary clinton and i’ve always approved this message.”
our elections should be shaped by voters' voices—not bought and sold by corporations & special interests :
these terrorists seek to undermine the democratic values that are the foundation of our way of life. they will never succeed. 
fact: no major company has filed for chapter 11 more often in the last 30 years than @realdonaldtrump 's casinos.
go vote today, arizona's counting on you! text where to 47246 to find your polling place.
"building an economy for tomorrow also requires investing in our most important asset: our people—beginning with our youngest."
when you're in office americans count on you for real solutions. you can’t respond with a snarky tweet—you have to actually deliver results.
i really regret doing this.  on between two ferns
at the 1988 olympic games, jackie joyner-kersee became the first woman to win gold in the long jump for @teamusa .
i’m very proud that...a majority of my donors are women.
in one year and four days, a new president is going to walk into the oval office—we can't afford for it to be a republican.  in sc
can't think of a better day than one with family, food, and the best gift of all: a new grandchild on the way! merry christmas. 
let the world know that you’re proud to stand with hillary. get your free magnet now →
corporations have to do right by their communities and our country. too many aren’t holding up their end of the bargain.
profit sharing is just common sense. see hillary's plan:
if republicans win the white house & fulfill their promise to tear up the aca, we’ll have to go back to square one.
senator chuck schumer: hillary helped “restore the shattered credibility of the united states.”
it's time to choose once and for all: will we stand with the nra, or stand up to it?
drug abuse, alcohol abuse and suicide are all on the rise across appalachia.  her plan to address it:
top ceos earn 300 times more than the typical american worker. that's wrong.
donald trump says wages are too high. (yeah, you read that right.)
this father wrote a letter to his daughters to make sure they know nothing should stand in the way of their dreams:
the president doesn't get to choose what issues come to her desk. navigating foreign policy challenges is part of the job.
the people taking care of our children and our parents deserve a good wage, good benefits, and a secure retirement.
"it’s time to recognize that quality, affordable child care is not a luxury—it’s a growth strategy."
tonight's  is in flint, michigan—a once-prosperous manufacturing town hit hard by a decline in jobs.
companies that get tax breaks or government investments shouldn’t be walking out on american communities.
to everyone who turned out in every corner of nevada with determination and heart: this is your win. thank you. 
congrats on a magnificent career, abby. look forward to cheering on @ussoccer_wnt with you this summer!
to donald, women like alicia are only as valuable as his personal opinion about their looks.
after all these years, nobody makes me laugh like @billclinton . happy birthday! 
in a few hours, nevadans will head out to caucus. rt if you're standing with hillary.
trump is right about one thing.
the question in this election: who can put the plans into action that will make your life better?
we already have dodd-frank. we need to go further to tackle dangerous risks in the big banks—and outside the big banks.
hillary summed up one of the most important issues of this election at the  .
note to candidates who boast that they'd repeal obamacare: health care should be a right—not just a privilege for those who can afford it.
your student debt collector would really like you not to vote for hillary.
we're really proud of our space because we built it together. now, clients bring us things to add to the "museum."
new yorkers have always believed that if you work hard and you do your part, you should be able to get ahead and stay ahead. 
what a joy being with our new grandson, aidan. so grateful. 
we have to defend our progress on access to health care. add your name if you agree:
i will take on the gun lobby for commonsense gun safety reform. :
every woman, no matter where she works, deserves birth control coverage. this shouldn't be a question.  
what’s it like to watch football with @billclinton ? hillary explains.  6-4a5b-ab1b-24ed64f94b0e …
shirley was only 5 years old when most women got the right to vote. here's what's on her mind during this election:
. @realdonaldtrump : attacking muslim americans is wrong, and it makes it harder for us to defeat terrorism.
to the families and friends of this state—i am deeply grateful.  in iowa
more lives lost. we need sensible gun violence prevention measures, and we need them now.
if you like donald trump, you’re going to love his choice for vice president.
after stoking every fire he can think of, trump encourages his supporters to beat up anybody who disagrees with him.  in oh
women deserve the same rights as men in every aspect of our economy and our society—at home and around the world.
i’ve spent my life working for children, women, families, and our country...and i’m just getting warmed up.  at
this young man’s story about depression is exactly why we can’t repeal or replace the affordable care act.
unlike trump's, this plan to defeat isis isn’t a “secret.”
if hillary is playing the so-called  , what cards are republicans holding?
hillary is ready to be president. want to help make it happen? apply to be a hillary for america intern:
trump doesn't represent us or our values. join the 100,000 people who have already signed our letter if you agree:
too many women still earn less than men on the job—and women of color often lose out the most. this needs to change.
it’s time to pick a side: stand with the gun lobby or stand up to it.
when you run for president of the united states, the entire world is watching.  on @realdonaldtrump 's dangerous rhetoric
people who are working hard should get the respect, dignity, and income they deserve. middle-class families need a raise.
when we work together, we will trump hate.
i'm told the number just ticked over: as of a few minutes ago, 1,000,000 people have pitched in to be a part of this campaign. thank you. 
what would a woman president mean to little girls? this.
rt if you agree: we need to make investing in childcare a national priority—and give childcare workers the pay and respect they deserve.
climate change, education, equal pay—a mathematician and a scientist from florida share what they voted for:
are you with hillary? chip in $1, and let's go win this nomination.
hillary will fight to protect daca/dapa, pass comprehensive immigration reform, and keep families together.
it is absolutely unconscionable to lose 33,000 americans a year to gun violence. we are going to take on the gun lobby.
trump's global web of financial and business ties would compromise our national security if he’s elected president.
this wasn't an anomaly for trump. his economic plan helps millionaires and hurts middle-class families. he'd let wall street run wild again.
for people who claim they hate big government, republicans sure love using government to step in and make decisions for women. 
if equal pay for equal work is playing the 'gender card,' then deal me in. yesterday in nh
it's outrageous that many . moms have to go back to work a few weeks after having a baby—and too many dads get no parental leave at all.
a vote for hillary is a vote for four more years of kate mckinnon's impression.
american workers shouldn’t have to shoulder the burden of corporate tax breaks.
"as president, i’ll fight to put families first—just like i have my entire career."
health care. gun violence prevention. immigration. hillary's been fighting for progressive issues her entire career.
. @potus just took action to  . here's how we build on that progress:
we have to take on broader inequities in society—you can’t separate unrest in the streets from cycles of poverty & despair in communities.
monitoring the horrific situation in munich. we stand with our friends in germany as they work to bring those responsible to justice. 
every loving couple & family deserves to be recognized & treated equally under the law across our nation.   –h
proud the . is signing the paris climate deal. what better way to celebrate earth day than taking action to help save our planet? 
budgets reflect our priorities. they should help families get ahead, educate our kids, and spark small business growth.
help welcome @timkaine to the team. get your sticker today to show your support:
with the dangerous weather hitting south carolina, please stay safe first and foremost. take care, @hillaryforsc , and all affected. 
the safety of our kids is more important than the interests of the nra. our leaders should act like it.
the next president has to be able to stand up to republicans and stop their backward agenda.
every child should be able to live up to their god-given potential, no matter where they come from, what they look like, or who they love.
want to meet hillary? know a friend who does, too? free idea: tag them here and make a deal to be each other's +1 →
starts the new year stronger than ever. to everyone who has supported this campaign: thank you.
hillary’s veterans plan will “ensure access to timely, high quality health care and modernize veterans’ benefits.”
don’t let anyone tell you that america isn’t great. donald trump’s got america all wrong.
all of the other issues we want to deal with depend on our country being secure and strong. 
what happens to the moral example we set—for the world and for our own children—if our president engages in bigotry? 
the company you keep says a lot about you (maybe no one ever told donald trump).
. @elizabethforma and @mittromney agree: trump would put us into a deep recession.   /
the world is a better place because hillary was secretary of state. here’s why:
thrilled to have you on team hillary, @ricky_martin . ¡muchas gracias!
sen. mcconnell thinks unlocking the potential of half the population is playing the  . we think it's an economic no-brainer.
workers are our economy's greatest strength—not costs to be cut. they shouldn't sacrifice while executives skate by.
tell us more about how sexism is wrong, @realdonaldtrump .
trump asked what the african american community has to lose by voting for him. @marlondmarshall 's response:
add us on snapchat! hillaryclinton
a president should do everything she can not just to protect reproductive rights, but to advance them.
a woman told hillary she was fired after losing her baby: "what happened to you was not only wrong—it's illegal."
lgbtq rights are human rights, and human rights are lgbtq rights.
5.5 million kids in the . have at least one undocumented parent. trump's deportations would hurt them the most.
“it’s ., just max out your credit card." —trump university on how to pay for classes
i've been told by some to quit shouting about this. well, i'll tell you: i will not be silenced...i will keep taking on the nra. 
"do you think that when you’re president, you’ll be paid as much as a man?"
hillary opposes the keystone pipeline. read why:
let's build this together.
hillary’s talking to @nbcusa_inc about her faith live in kansas city. watch here:
"maybe he didn't do a good job." —donald trump looks like you “loved” it at the time.    mw86k …
this is one of the best things about americans—we’re doers. when we see something that needs fixing, we roll up our sleeves and get to work.
people who care about protecting the lives of police officers should be committed to getting assault weapons off our streets.
this is why i do it and this is who i’m in it for—to make life better for children and families. 
