" @tarashuman : donaldtrump thank you so much for your amazing hope message!!! i'm so grateful.
he is working hard and for that he must be given credit!
early on ted cruz said that if he didn't win south carolina, it's over. he didn't win- and lost to me in a landslide!
president obama will go down as perhaps the worst president in the history of the united states!
make america great again!
“to keep your goals alive you must take action every day. no one should care about your money and success more than you do.” -- think big
if ted cruz is so opposed to gay marriage, why did he accept money from people who espouse gay marriage?
...what is wrong with this story? isn’t this just ridiculous? terrible!
thoughts and prayers to the great people of indiana. you will prevail!
still time to get out and vote!
russia took crimea during the so-called obama years. who wouldn't know this and why does obama get a free pass?
re-build the es not places that hate our country and everything we stand for!
entrepreneurs: set the example, and you'll be a magnet for the right people. that's the best way to work with people you like.
.... to do the apprentice but i approved you anyway. without my show you’d be nothing!
crooked hillary clinton is bought and paid for by wall street, lobbyists and special interests. she will sell our country down the tubes!
"they succeed, because they think they can." -- virgil
no president in history has lied to the american people more than president obama - in fact, it is not even close!
thank you arizona- i love you!
go out and vote--- this will be the most important election of our time!
" @dcfoodsafety : mr. trump you're the candidate that we have been waiting for you tell it real and you will get it done you have my vote!"
doing fox and friends in two minutes!
congratulations to our olympic team for by far winning the most medals, including first place gold.
many of hillary’s donors are the same donors as jeb bush’s—all rich, will have total control—know them well.
" @nectarusafsm : @kyleraccio i want donald trump to be president. he knows business and people. he needs to be in the oval office, now."
merry christmas, have an amazing day!
entrepreneurs: set the example, and you'll be a magnet for the right people. that's the best way to work with people you like.
if your enemies end up liking you it’s because they beat you. you want their respect, not their friendship.
@hialexcarlson thanks--just common sense.
republicans gave obama a free pass to the white house -- they just don't get it.
remember, china is not a friend of the united states!
i will stand with police and protect all americans!
georgetown should not host @kathleensebelius for the graduation ceremony. her policies abuse catholics.
we need to worry about the american worker first!
wages in are country are too low, good jobs are too few, and people have lost faith in our  need smart and strong leadership now!
just received a wonderful letter from a new father who bought his son his first book, the art of the deal. great parent!
obama is a disaster at foreign policy. never had the experience or knowledge. he is not capable of doing the job.
@mayorgas good! and good luck!
we all know that chess is a game of strategy. so is business. think about that and develop a strategy starting today.
thank you - michigan!
i don't know if hillary will be able to run, she is a walking time bomb!
great poll- thank you nevada!
i look forward to tonight's "debate" -- but look far more forward to making america great again. it can happen!
we will only be the land of the free as long as we are home of the brave!
it's still exciting after all these years - and this cast is special!
the just out usa today national poll, where i lead by big numbers, shows that in a head to head matchup, i beat both hillary and bernie.
what do you think of @dennisrodman ’s donald trump head? the hair’s not quite right, for one thing.
dummy, i'm asking a question - look at the question mark at the end of the sentence! use your head.
sorry banks, when we accused lightweight ag eric schneiderman of not going after banks, he started going after banks—but years too late!
go out and vote--- this will be the most important election of our time!
becoming a us citizen is not a right, it’s a privilege.
" @surferbobraider : i would vote for you sir. never again will i vote for a career politician like  . i did, twice. regret it."
thank you! together we will  !
“most of the time you will need to work hard and stay focused to get to the top – and then work even harder to stay there.” -think big
" @tarashuman : donaldtrump thank you so much for your amazing hope message!!! i'm so grateful.
we have a sacred duty to care for our vets and their families. veterans deserve universal access to care anywhere and anytime!
“i have a very strict gun control policy: if there's a gun around, i want to be in control of it.” - clint eastwood
seems to be the next election must be about jobs and gas prices--not birth control.
that was a great football game.
go out and vote--- this will be the most important election of our time!
“i love it when people doubt me. it makes me work harder to prove them wrong.” – derek jeter
am now in . will be going to the . iowa at 5:30 . to speak to our great veterans and other friends!
we need much tougher, much smarter leadership - and we need it now!
"if you love what you do, you are going to work harder, you are going to try harder and you will be better at it." - think big
bernie should pull his endorsement of crooked hillary after she decieved him and then attacked him and his supporters.
thank you to all of the men and women who have served our country. you are our true heroes!
so, i have spent almost nothing on my run for president and am in 1st place. jeb bush has spent $59 million & done. run country my way!
we will repeal and replace the horrible disaster known as  !
“a failure or setback is not a defeat. defeat is a state of mind. you are defeated only when you accept defeat.” – think big
republicans have all the cards...but they just don't know it!
i don't want to be the only billionaire in america---i want all americans to be rich.
we only want to admit those who love our people and support our values.
the media is so after me on women wow, this is a tough business. nobody has more respect for women than donald trump!
i will stand with police and protect all americans!
"@toledosnow: you should run for president mr. trump! you're a great man and i would love to see what you could do for the united states!"
the middle-class has worked so hard, are not getting the kind of jobs that they have long dreamed of - and no effective raise in years. bad
thank you! together we will  !
jeb bush spent more than $40,000,000 in new hampshire to come in 4 or 5, i spent $3,000,000 to come in 1st. big difference in capability!
@leebandoni so you can see what i mean.
i believe in  and that means family first! my childcare plan reflects the needs of modern working-class families.
" @oldmanconroy : it's called "climate change". no, they changed it to "climate change" when "global warming" wasn't working anymore-too cold!
thank you west virginia. let's keep it going. go out and vote on tuesday - we will win big.
thank you! together we will  !
“i have a very strict gun control policy: if there's a gun around, i want to be in control of it.” - clint eastwood
between libya, the national security leaks and fast & furious, obama has had more national security scandals than any other president.
hillary will never reform wall street. she is owned by wall street!
if you’re sitting in an office working in a job you hate, then it’s time to think big and plan your next step…
learn, work and think in equal proportions and you'll be going in the right direction.
so many "politically correct" fools in our country. we have to all get back to work and stop wasting time and energy on nonsense!
make sure to vote today. vote for real change. change that will deliver jobs and a free & strong america. vote for @mittromney .
america is proud to stand shoulder-to-shoulder w/a free & ind uk. we stand together as friends, as allies, & as a people w/a shared history.
. @mittromney 's entire life and career have built prosperity and growth.
. @mittromney 's entire life and career have built prosperity and growth.
just said at  that "politicians are all talk and no action and we are all tired of it! we need action and results to move forward!"
our country does not feel 'great already' to the millions of wonderful people living in poverty, violence and despair.
another attack, this time in germany. many killed. god bless the people of munich.
our nation is a once great nation divided!
no better way to celebrate flag day & my birthday than being the guest of honor @ralphreed ’s @faithandfreedom conference on june 14th!
what priorities -- we have over 20% real unemployment and no growth.
thank you for your support!
thank you, south carolina!
" @roniseale : the american people deserve a wall to protect our jobs, economy and our safety. i am the only candidate who would build it."
" @tom38ts i wanted trump to be the president in 2012 the country needs trump to be the next president in 2016"
"they succeed, because they think they can." -- virgil
" @snoburd : here's an idea: why don't donaldtrump and @mittromney run on the same ticket, instead of running against each other?" no thanks!
new  . thank you america!
i have a proven track record supporting our veterans. veterans deserve universal access to care. va scandal proves politicians are inept.
trump will make america great!!!!
with our border not being secure, obama is giving a pathway to terrorists to enter our country. an attack is on him.
set the example. you can motivate others as well as yourself by remembering that you are setting the example.
...remember--i told you so.
" @kauainj : @seanhannity donald would definitely get us out of the deep doo-doo & debt bo has driven us into. he has common/economic sense."
" @wheresjose : had the pleasure to perform for p tonite & told him the world is a better place because of his contributions great job!
" @wpayton344 : @paulmanafort great interview on cnn-being from ct- i am thrilled you are part of this team-go trump!"
"continuous effort - not strength or intelligence - is the key to unlocking our potential." -- winston churchill
on this memorial day holiday, we honor our fallen soldiers who have made the greatest sacrifice for freedom. they are our country’s finest.
" @mark_brown_pe : a great man once said "don't tell me how hard a job is going to be, tell me how hard it was, when you are finished!"
good response on jobs by @mittromney .
. @hillaryclinton and obama policies increased debt by $9trillion over the last 8 years
winning isn't everything, but the will to win is everything. -- vince lombardi
it is impossible for the fbi not to recommend criminal charges against hillary clinton. what she did was wrong! what bill did was stupid!
do you believe that secy. kerry just went to egypt to talk about "human rights problems" and this as everything is being blown up around him
the euro, put in place to hurt the ., is done! -- will have less negative impact than most think.
wow! i hear that thousands of people are cutting up their @macys credit card. that's great.  !
if you’ve looked over the years,i’ve been right on virtually every issue from iraq (not going in but if so taking the oil) to jobs to china
“think of yourself as a one-man army. you’re not only the commander in chief, you’re the soldier as well.” – think like a billionaire
@barackobama made a campaign decision on delaying the keystone pipeline to  pipeline would lower oil prices and create jobs.
thank you! together we will  !
wow, big lines in kansas.
" @alsama new hairstyle for donald trump? we think it looks great all slicked back!  " maybe i will do it someday--thx!
we are one nation. when one hurts, we all hurt. we must all work together-to lift each other up.
shooting deaths of police officers up 78% this year. we must restore law and order and protect our great law enforcement officers!
is this boring or is it just me?
