@e_hig hi erica...and thanks.
it’s important to promote an image of yourself each and every day. it’s part of having a sense of self and a sense of purpose.
. @piersmorgan and @omarosa really hate each other.
we are one nation. when one hurts, we all hurt. we must all work together-to lift each other up.
we are one nation. when one state hurts, we all hurt. we must all work together - to lift each other up.
i laugh when i see marco rubio and jeb bush pretending to "love" each other, with each talking of their great friendship. typical phony pols
...trump, however, would kick his ass!
make sure to follow me on @periscopeco
obama lied to the public about the al qaeda attack on our consulate in libya. he should be held accountable.
when will anyone be held accountable for the va scandal? the politicians are experts in never facing any consequence.
because obama was so pathetic in the first debate, tonight's audience will be humongous--people want to see if he is for real.
time for the first firing of the night.
with taxes set to go up and obama about to cut the mortgage deduction, now is the time to buy a house if you can. can get a great deal.
have to go now to sign a great and job producing deal! good night.
rosie is back on the view which tells you how desperate they must be. it is the standard short term fix and long term disaster.
how many more of our soldiers have to be shot by the afghanis they are training? let's get the hell out of there and focus on .
the united states needs great deals - and fast. we have to make our country rich again in order to make our country great again!
like her or not, hillary did what she had to do in the debate last night—get through it. her opponents were very gentle and soft!
if you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing, you're right. -- henry ford
do you think putin will be going to the miss universe pageant in november in moscow - if so, will he become my new best friend?
will plan b miss trace?
george steinbrenner was a great friend and a true legend. there will never be anyone like him in new york. we've lost a truly great man.
my friend, @ariemanuel of @img , bought the miss universe pageants from me and they are on tonight on  ! tune in!
" @eryn3043 : it was so great to see joan rivers back on my tv screen, truly miss her thank you donaldtrump. i love watching the apprentice
" @sensanders : i have a message for donald trump: no, we’re not going to hate latinos, we’re not going to hate muslims." i fully agree!
happy veterans day to all, in particular to the haters and losers who have no idea how lucky they are!!!
the only people who are not interested in being the . pick are the people who have not been asked!
"all successful people are high energy people who are passionate about what they do. find a passion that energizes you." - think big
such great support in new hampshire. so many people are working so hard to  !
“i pride myself on being obstinate, stubborn, & tough. i think those are important qualities found in successful people.” – think big
entrepreneurs: set the example, and you'll be a magnet for the right people. that's the best way to work with people you like.
@phil_grech your not free, you'll never be free. you'll be back (if you ever left) because you can't help yourself!
we are now at a time, perhaps more than ever before, when the world needs great leadership!
“set the example, and you’ll be a magnet for the right people. that’s the best way to work with people you like.” – think like a champion
" @woodrowwinters nothing would make me prouder than to see mr. trump in the oval office. business would get done." thanks and true.
i will bring our jobs back to the ., and keep our companies from leaving. nobody else can do it. our economy will "sing" again.
just got back from iowa, great people!
which team is your favorite?
if ted cruz is so opposed to gay marriage, why did he accept money from people who espouse gay marriage?
great poll numbers all over and beating hillary clinton one on one. thank you!
thank you @donaldjtrumpjr . proud of you!
way to go @serenawilliams - you are a true champion. proud of you!
. @justinrose99 great playing--we are proud of you!
. @heytana , great job - we are all proud of you!
great job @erictrump ! proud of you!
for all of my many jewish friends, happy passover.
" @backontrackusa :not only is america not leading in the world anymore, under obama america is destabilizing the world & making it dangerous.
i truly hope president obama doesn't do something irrational and dangerous for our country in order to save face. he must sit back and chill
the situation with russia is much more dangerous than most people may think - and could lead to world war iii. we need great leadership fast
south korea must in some form pay for our help-the . must stop being stupid!
we are going through contentious primaries now but the gop must unite. let’s take the senate and stop obama’s dangerous agenda.
let's not start celebrating over libya until we see who takes over.
going on letterman now - let me know what you think - how did i do? here we go!
russian leaders are publicly celebrating obama's reelection. they can't wait to see how flexible obama will be now.
happy new year to all my jewish friends celebrating the holiday.
here we go with the oscars!
. @piersmorgan and @omarosa really hate each other.
we are one nation. when one hurts, we all hurt. we must all work together-to lift each other up.
i laugh when i see marco rubio and jeb bush pretending to "love" each other, with each talking of their great friendship. typical phony pols
we are one nation. when one state hurts, we all hurt. we must all work together - to lift each other up.
our country has to come together. we have to start working with, and really liking, each other. the whole world is watching baltimore.
in the upcoming new year we will focus like never before - if we do that we will have complete and total victory in all we do!
now that mitt is gone, all we have to do is get bush to drop out and trump to run—and we will win!
“if you don't have time to do it right, when will you have time to do it over?” - john wooden
it's not enough that we do our best; sometimes we have to do what's required. -- winston churchill
how many more times do we all have to watch and pay for that stupid and never ending  commercial. how much is govt. spending?
we only want to admit those who love our people and support our values.
" @sensanders : i have a message for donald trump: no, we’re not going to hate latinos, we’re not going to hate muslims." i fully agree!
why do so many people say i hate president obama—i don’t hate the president at all. i just disagree with his policies!
who do you like - hate so far?
i hate what has happened to the once great @cnn .
re-build the es not places that hate our country and everything we stand for!
looking forward to seeing the world champion yankees today on opening day!
. @ivankatrump and i are looking forward to visiting vancouver next week. big announcement…
story will be released today at 12 noon est on twitter and facebook.
looking forward to visiting the trump vineyard estates today in charlottesville, va, for a press conference and the grand opening.
i'm going to the border tomorrow. will be seeing some really brave people. look forward to a big day!
hillary clinton’s open borders are tearing american families apart. i am going to make our country safe again for all americans.
after tearing w bush down for 12 years, now the media loves him. why not? he gave them obama.
thank you! together we will  !
thank you america! together- we will  !
i have nothing to do with the plaza casino in atlantic city. i have not been involved with atlantic city for many years. used to love .!
resolve to be bigger than your problems. who’s the boss? realize that fear is the exact opposite of faith.
entrepreneurs: realize that fear is the exact opposite of faith. resolve to be bigger than your problems. who's the boss?
“a failure or setback is not a defeat. defeat is a state of mind. you are defeated only when you accept defeat.” – think big
i will defeat crooked hillary clinton on 11/8/2016.
congratulations to @mariabartiromo on her big move to @foxbusiness . she is a total winner!
our country is being torn apart from the inside--it's getting nasty out there.
by the way, folks, @billmaher is not a smart guy (just look at his past)—he just pretends he is!
“a very good way to pave your own way to success is simply to work hard and to be diligent” – think like a champion
on my way to south carolina. big crowd--- look forward to it!
the press is going out of their way to convince people that i do not like or respect women, when they know that it is just the opposite!
all those politicians in washington and not one good negotiator.
" @alphainparis : @seanhannity donaldtrump is the 21st century ronald reagan. intelligent. bold. surrounded by good people. gets the job done.
as usual, the "storm of the century" was not nearly as bad as forecast. what a waste of time, energy and money!
without passion you don't have energy, without energy you have nothing. find work that you love and the energy will be there.
me, by a lot!
bernie sanders says that hillary clinton is unqualified to be president. based on her decision making ability, i can go along with that!
" @amandajoan40 : this is the first time in my adult life that i have been excited about an election   "
"i never did a day's work in my life. it was all fun." -- thomas a. edison
" @ryankainec1 : please run for president. it's been a long time since we've had an honest president. you are called to do great things."
mitt's proposed tax cuts for the middle class will spur record economic growth.
@ariannahuff , i would love to represent your husband-you would end up with nothing! and please don't call tim armstrong stupid and weak?
" @lewenskimo : your opponent has run out of ideas, now resorts to personal attacks on you. every amercan knows, you represent hope!!"
" @vbonina : @conservecast @georgewill why does fox even talk to will? he is clueless and doesn't represent what our party is about."
" @mrdeuce25 : @cnn @lindseygrahamsc donaldtrump good were glad he doesn't represent what you stand for lindsey. you are weak and have no clue
with @stuartpstevens expected to represent @govchristie in the presidential race, chris will have a very hard time winning.
together, we will make america safe and great again!
“success isn't permanent and failure isn't fatal.” – mike ditka
thank you michigan. this is a movement. we are going to make america safe and great again!
thank you for your support! we will make america safe and great again!
...what is wrong with this story? isn’t this just ridiculous? terrible!
" @oldmanconroy : it's called "climate change". no, they changed it to "climate change" when "global warming" wasn't working anymore-too cold!
remember, go vote--we need real change this time.
in ’08, america voted for hope & change. instead, we got incompetency. now it is time to put a real job creator in office. vote 4 mitt!
just said at  that "politicians are all talk and no action and we are all tired of it! we need action and results to move forward!"
it's late in july and it is really cold outside in new york. where the hell is global warming??? we need some fast! it's now climate change
wow! @foxnews poll just came out.  with 26%! almost as importantly, i am the strongest on economic issues by far!
i hope bill clinton starts talking about women's issues so that voters can see what a hypocrite he is and how hillary abused those women!
. @vattenfallgroup will never solve the issues with the ministry of defense. besides, they smartly just left the project.
jeb bush is weak on illegal immigration, in favor of common core, bad on women's health issues and thinks the iraq war was a good thing.
" @houstonwelder : donald trump is one of the sexiest men on this planet. every woman dreams of a good man who tells it like it is." so true!
i am the only one who can beat hillary clinton. i am not a mitt romney, who doesn't know how to win. hillary wants no part of "trump"
remember, i am the only candidate who is self-funding. while i am given little credit for this by the voters, i am not bought like others!
president obama will go down as perhaps the worst president in the history of the united states!
where is the progress in the state of new york over the last three years? there is none--only backwards.
" @melaniatrump :  one of the greatest fashion designers of all time.  "
@carloguderian i built perhaps the greatest golf course in the world--lots of tourism--you shouldn't!
congress’ greatest card against obama is the power of the purse. use it!
" @deanpreston76 : time for you to tell @barackobama 'you're fired!'.  we need someone who loves america in office!"
did you agree with my decision?
" @dcfoodsafety : mr. trump you're the candidate that we have been waiting for you tell it real and you will get it done you have my vote!"
sugar @lord_sugar why don't you tell the public what you're really worth--they would be very disappointed.
" @123jayne : that's our president! that's why we need you to run in 2016! i know you would never waste our money! president trump"
remember, china is not a friend of the united states!
president obama will go down as perhaps the worst president in the history of the united states!
" @derekcarlson : people need to wake up mr. trump. you are the most qualified person to ever run for president of the united states.  "
" @epilepsys will you or @erictrump try to be president of the united states? you could be a great president." thanks.
don't worry, the united states will be great again!
my heart goes out to the people of boston on this terrible day!
" @tuggers56 : @pmgeezer hillary is so afraid of him. the gop is afraid of him. the american people embrace him! let's elect him, donaldtrump
i endorsed @mittromney not because i agree with him on every issue but because he will get tough with china.
" @1simranjitsingh : i am a student myself. i cannot believe that obama, has doubled the interest rate on student loans. trump for president!"
hillary clinton does not have the strength or stamina to be president. we need strong and super smart for our next leader - or trouble!
why can't the pundits be honest? hopefully we are all looking for a strong and great country again. i will make it strong and great! jobs!
re omarosa: nasty, tough or smart...or all?
if america was under the threat of imminent attack, would obama use torture or a kiss?
there is no substitute for private sector experience.
"there is no substitute for hard work." --thomas edison
thank you ohio - see you tonight!
thank you arizona! see you soon!
thank you iowa! great night---see you soon!
thank you georgia! see you soon!
“go as far as you can see; when you get there, you'll be able to see farther.” -- j. p. morgan
sorry banks, when we accused lightweight ag eric schneiderman of not going after banks, he started going after banks—but years too late!
the banks need to start lending again otherwise the economy will continue its downturn. this is why we bailed the banks out!
the banks were bailed out by us. they should start lending to private entrepreneurs. the banks are slowing american growth.
obamacare must be fully repealed or it will destroy america's small businesses.
we should not bail out any of the european countries or banks.
@vcross8 agreed, they're doing a great job.
@heinzpak @usatoday that could be. agreed.
the @supercommittee will fail. the republicans never should have agreed to the debt deal.
gen. petraeus has agreed to testify in the senate on benghazi. i will be watching.
this is really unfair and a conflict for all the other candidates. i said it should not be allowed and abc agreed.
" @eastonwestwood : please run for president again! america is almost finished but might have a chance if you're president in jan.2017."
@politifact ’s  is obama’s if you like your health care plan, you can keep it. wrong. it’s the lie of the decade.
remember to keep going--if you stop, your momentum will stop.
“remember to keep going: if you stop, your momentum will stop.” – think big
did you agree with my decision?
“if you don't have time to do it right, when will you have time to do it over?” - john wooden
look what is happening to our country under the weak leadership of obama and people like crooked hillary clinton. we are a divided nation!
"@markpryceagee: i believe donald trump would be the best candidate to run for president under the republican party.  " i do also!
our country, under president obama, is on life support! great leaders must bring people together.
failing comedian bill maher, who i got an accidental glimpse of the other night, is really a dumb guy, just look at his past!
under president obama, do you think america will become a third world country?
. @alexsalmond @pressjournal rt @gaillorene ask our canadian neighbors who abhor the windfarms. and poor scotland
" @yayala19 : @politico when the other candidates are talking politics trump is talking solutions. he is the most talented candidate."
. @tuckercarlson is doing a really good job on fox, especially when talking politics. he has come a long way fast!
i will be on bill o'reilly's show tonight at 8 pm--talking about iran and politics. @oreillyfactor
will be interviewed on the @todayshow this morning at 7:00. talking about politics, polls and whatever. enjoy!
it is time to get out of afghanistan. we are building roads and schools for people that hate us. it is not in our national interests.
from 1954 to 1960 there were 10 major hurricanes that hit the east coast.
" @donaldtrumpfink : . @govmikehuckabee : if donald becomes president, he will do a whole lot more to protect us than hillary will."
" @phickeyma : we need you for potus because there's a whole lot of people in washington who need to hear the words you're fired!"
president obama is under pressure from democrats to undo his lie on obamacare. his problem is that such a move would end obamacare.
i would gain a whole new respect for president obama if he would say, "look, we made a big mistake, sorry!" no more lies or deception.
remember, when guns are outlawed, only outlaws will have guns!
hillary will never reform wall street. she is owned by wall street!
biggest story in politics is now happening in the great state of colorado where over one million people have been precluded from voting!
great poll- thank you nevada!
unlike the other republican candidates, i will be in nevada all day and night - i won't be fleeing, in and out. i love & invest in nevada!
leaving nevada now for iowa. things are looking good - great new polls!
what did we get for fighting in libya besides a dead ambassador. demand their oil.
jeb is fighting to defend a catastrophic event. i am fighting to make sure it doesn't happen  is too soft-we need tougher & sharper
i've had enough of this - good night!
i would have had many millions of votes more than crooked hillary clinton except for the fact that i had 16 opponents, she had one!
" @jimlibertarian @grantrobertb @michaelcohen212 you're damn right we want the truth,we've been lied to 4 years and we've had it.  "
. @jebbush had a tiny 300 person crowd at senator tim scott's forum. i had thousands, and they had real passion!
does madonna know something we all don't about barack? at a concert she said "we have a black muslim in the white house."
when we have big disasters, no one comes to our aid or even suggests helping - but we are always expected to come to the aid of others!
thank you for your support! we will make america safe and great again!
together, we will make america safe and great again!
thank you washington! together, we will make america safe and great again!
. @monicacrowley you were great with @seanhannity on @foxnews tonight. thank you for your kind words. we will keep americans safe.
entrepreneurs: keep your focus and keep your momentum. believe in yourself--if you don't, no one else will either.
thank you, new hampshire!
thank you new hampshire!
new hampshire is a critical state for both candidates this year. i got to know new hampshire and love it.
i am looking forward to being in new hampshire tomorrow. the silent majority is taking our country back. we will make america great again!
. @megynkelly sorry, there was only one "breakout star" this weekend in new hampshire. just check out the local new hampshire media!
breaking news - the washington redskins have just announced that they will be removing the name washington from their name!
who is winning the debate so far (just last name)?
the last thing we need is another bush in the white house. would be the same old thing (remember "read my lips, no more taxes"). greatness!
i can't believe mitch mcconnell isn't way up in the kentucky polls. massive seniority brings so much power and status to state. brings k.$'s
the last thing this country needs is another bush!
" @alyssathgreat : “senjohnmccain is always talking, talking but nothing gets done. these  are living in hell.”  ""
@ronpaul has some serious ideas which deserve serious consideration. wrong for media to ignore him.
" @billpickle : i would like to support dt, if i knew he was serious about going for it. been disappointed more than once." just watch!
our country is now in serious and unprecedented trouble...like never before.
why did we spend billions of our money on libya if we are not going to get any of the country's oil? what do we get out of this?
"@nowthatouimet if trump is serious about buying the  & keeping them in buffalo, sign me up. he’s a game-changer." thx @nflcommish
stop congratulating obama for killing bin laden. the navy seals killed bin laden.
last night was the first time obama said "we" instead of "i" in respect to bin laden's killing.
waterboarding ksm gave us the intelligence that lead to bin laden.
book on bin laden is a terrible violation of code--makes @barackobama 's story a big lie.
why don't we ask the navy seals who killed bin laden? they don't seem to be happy with obama claiming credit. all he did is say .
congratulations to tom brady on yet another great victory- tom is my friend and a total winner!
new iowa poll. thank you!
the middle-class has become the new poor in this country and our incompetent politicians are unable to do anything about  don't care!
median household income is down for the middle class since obama took office. it will only go further down under clinton.
still waiting to hear from @billmaher . every day he dodges me is one less day that $5m is being used for charity.
whitney houston was a great friend and an amazing talent. we will all miss her and send our prayers to her family.
thank you! together we will  !
thank you america! together- we will  !
together, we will make america safe and great again!
thank you america! together, we will all  !
& together we will  ! thank you for your support!
i just wrapped up a q&a @twitternyc . thanks for all your questions!
thank you new york, and pennsylvania!
thank you pittsburgh, pennsylvania!
@earther57 sounds nice--and thanks. happy new year to you and yours.
this is amateur night - who the hell is in charge of this production?
this is a movement!
poll - thank you!
new  . thank you america!
thank you - so nice.
thank you @greta .
thank you- new york! i love you!
we are one nation. when one hurts, we all hurt. we must all work together-to lift each other up.
we are one nation. when one state hurts, we all hurt. we must all work together - to lift each other up.
. @piersmorgan and @omarosa really hate each other.
i laugh when i see marco rubio and jeb bush pretending to "love" each other, with each talking of their great friendship. typical phony pols
it is time republicans stop attacking each other and focus on @barackobama . america cannot survive a second term.
“if you strike out, nobody is going to help you--not your friends, not the government. you have to look to look out for yourself.”-think big
“most of the time you will need to work hard and stay focused to get to the top – and then work even harder to stay there.” -think big
"if you love what you do, you are going to work harder, you are going to try harder and you will be better at it." - think big
if you're interested in 'balancing' work and pleasure, stop trying to balance them. instead make your work more pleasurable.
"@savehicno1: mr. trump, i think you ought to do an apprentice show for people to come up for a winning stradegy for you to run in 2016"
to aspiring entrepreneurs, always remember that if your enemies aren’t talking about you, then you aren’t doing well...and must work harder!
cover your bases. know everything you can about what you're doing.
" @chaddryann : keep doing what you're doing! you're attracting attention and people are talking more then they were before!  "
entrepreneurs: cover your bases. know everything you can about what you're doing.
advice from my father, fred c. trump: "know everything you can about what you're doing."
remember, get time magazine! i am on the cover. take it out in 4 years and read it again! just watch...
good news is that my campaign has perhaps more cash than any campaign in the history of politics- b/c i stand 100% behind everything we do.
" @carguy_95 have you written anything torwards young adults/college students on how to be successful?" think like a champion is a good start
mexico will pay for the wall!
when will the democrats, and hillary in particular, say "we must build a wall, a great wall, and mexico is going to pay for it?" never!
...what is wrong with this story? isn’t this just ridiculous? terrible!
" @chrissergeant : @thomas thanks for the endorsement but there's far more entertaining folk than me out there. there's donald trump for one."
crooked hillary clinton says that she got more primary votes than donald trump. but i had 17 people to beat—she had one!
i would have had millions of votes more in the primaries (than crooked hillary) if i only had one opponent, instead of sixteen. broke record
if i only had 1 person running against me in the primaries like hillary clinton, i would have gotten 10 million more votes than she did!
" @rhettriley1234 : trump only wins with our votes. we must grow trump nation and do our part. vote. this is our time.
terrible jobs report just reported. only 38,000 jobs added. bombshell!
a massive blow to obama's message - only 38,000 new jobs for month in just issued jobs report. that's really bad!
only 88,000 jobs were added this past march. prediction was 190,000. businesses can’t expand with obama care & high taxes on horizon.
jeb bush spent more than $40,000,000 in new hampshire to come in 4 or 5, i spent $3,000,000 to come in 1st. big difference in capability!
we don’t want to have a recount in any of the battleground states. obama will steal it. make sure all your friends and family vote.
the only place where our "border" is protected is from europeans. we educate them in our finest institutions & then have them deported.
we need strong, tough and brilliant leadership now more than ever! make america great again!
we need another bush in office about as much as we need obama to have a 3rd term. no more bushes!
total misnomer to call obamacare ‘the affordable care act.’ affordable for whom besides big businesses & congress w/their exemptions?
we have to make america great again!
the truth is that we could have much better healthcare in our country at a much more affordable price - everyone in . would benefit!
when it comes to violent crime, and if we are going to solve the problem, we must stop being so politically correct-must tell it like it is!
success comes with hard work, focus and luck. the luck comes to those who seek it out. if you are not in the game, you cannot get lucky.
we cannot solve our problems with the same thinking we used when we created them. -- albert einstein
the united states cannot continue to make such bad, one-sided trade deals. there are only so many jobs we can give up. no more!
"when are we going to wake up and realize that we are funding our enemies?"
“you have to have confidence in yourself and confidence to know that what you are doing is right.” – think big
“confidence is contagious. so is lack of confidence.” - vince lombardi
wow, putin is really taking advantage of president obama. it is important that obama responds with strength and determination-be smart-cool!
amazingly @anthonyweiner is going to run. the cure rate for his problem is 0. lots of other things will come out.
do you believe this - iran wants to trade our 3 prisoners (not 4) for 19 prisoners held by the . should have been let go with last deal!
wow! such nice words from robert redford on my running for president. thank you, robert.
. @ericbolling you can do much better than you did tonight on @oreillyfactor . better luck tomorrow!
obama better than last time, but again, @mittromney wins. good night.
iran has never had a better friend than obama.
" @joehos18 : trump 96% success rate in business, only 4 out of 100+ companies went south. better than any other candidate. better than all"
"i don't believe you have to be better than everybody else. i believe you have to better than you ever thought you could be." - ken venturi
what a great four days in cleveland. so proud of the great job done by the rnc and all. the police and secret service were fantastic!
great poll numbers! thank you!
great poll numbers are coming out all over. people don't want another four years of obama, and crooked hillary would be even worse.
@politifact ’s  is obama’s if you like your health care plan, you can keep it. wrong. it’s the lie of the decade.
can anyone imagine chafee as president? no way.
millions without electricity across ny & nj. the media has covered for obama’s massive failure. can you imagine if this was another pres?
our country will soon be relegated to third world status if proper decisions are not made by our president. he was never qualified for job!
"everything you can imagine is real." —pablo picasso
can you imagine if obama had to give today's press conference before the election? he would have lost. @gop really blew it.
“a failure or setback is not a defeat. defeat is a state of mind. you are defeated only when you accept defeat.” – think big
" @tom38ts i wanted trump to be the president in 2012 the country needs trump to be the next president in 2016"
if i win the presidency, we will swamp justice ginsburg with real judges and real legal opinions!
" @ricd384 : the united states of america needs a real man in the oval office. mr. donald trump, america is ready for you. lets do it'"
" @nectarusafsm : @kyleraccio i want donald trump to be president. he knows business and people. he needs to be in the oval office, now."
. @lancearmstrong really blew it--went down in flames--too bad!
who wouldn't take kate's picture and make lots of money if she does the nude sunbathing thing. come on kate!
i absolutely support kate’s law—in honor of the beautiful kate steinle who was gunned down in sf by an illegal immigrant.
. @kstupples thanks for the nice comments on trump national doral. i’ve long been your fan—now am an even bigger fan! @trumpdoral
"@my_2bcollies: @miloandjack actually milo, mr trump felt kate has a good shot at winning. donaldtrump was very complimentary about kate."
@ptlyons thank you. wishing you and yours a happy new year too.
total misnomer to call obamacare ‘the affordable care act.’ affordable for whom besides big businesses & congress w/their exemptions?
why do the networks continue to put dopey @billkristol on panels when he has called every single shot about me wrong for 2 yrs?
new job numbers once again show no growth or recovery. unemployment has been over 8% for 41 straight months--now up to 8.3%
wow, @cnn ratings are up 75% because it's "all trump, all the time." the networks are making a fortune off of me! make america great again!
little @macmiller , you illegally used my name for your song “donald trump” which now has over 75 million hits.
i think that both candidates, crooked hillary and myself, should release detailed medical records. i have no problem in doing so! hillary?
... by releasing his records, he can come clean with the american people and have $5 million go to a charity.
why isn't mexico releasing our marine. . should come down really hard on them. they have zero respect for our so-called "leader"
i will soon be releasing my response to the fact that president obama refused to show his applications and records to the public.
i hate what has happened to the once great @cnn .
very sad what happened last night at the miss universe pageant. i sold it 6 months ago for a record price. this would never have happened!
the yankees are absolutely terrible--- what happened to this team?
the united states needs great deals - and fast. we have to make our country rich again in order to make our country great again!
nobody understands politicians like i do - all talk and no action. they will never get our country where it needs to be, truly great again!
“money may not grow on trees, but it does grow from talent, hard work, and brains.” – think like a billionaire
"money may not grow from trees, but it does grow from talent, hard work, and brains." - think like a billionaire
let’s all take a moment to remember all of the heroes from a very tragic day that we cannot let happen again!
i'm going to be live with @ericbolling and @kimguilfoyle to ring in the new year 2016. everybody should tune in to @foxnews tomorrow night!
"@jollygoodman181: vote trump for president 2016 americans last hope donald trump... let's take our country back. vote for the "don" 2016"
thank you! vote in 2016!
it’s amazing that people can say such bad things about me but if i say bad things about them, it becomes a national incident.
great job once again by law enforcement! we are proud of them and should embrace them - without them, we don't have a country!
many people ask me to review things. as i see them, i will do so.
as dishonest as @rollingstone is i say @huffingtonpost is worse. neither has much money - sue them and put them out of business!
policy towards our enemies: hit them hard, hit them fast, hit them often & then tell them it was because they are the enemy!
thank you new hampshire!
thank you, new hampshire!
i am in new hampshire. just received great news from reuters poll. thank you for your support!
will be on @morning_joe live from new hampshire - 7:00 . talking about the debate and more!
new hampshire is a critical state for both candidates this year. i got to know new hampshire and love it.
crooked hillary has zero leadership ability. as bernie sanders says, she has bad judgement. constantly playing the women's card - it is sad!
i will bring our jobs back to the ., and keep our companies from leaving. nobody else can do it. our economy will "sing" again.
wisconsin's economy is doing poorly and like everywhere else in ., jobs are leaving. i will make our economy strong again - bring in jobs
the republicans will get zero credit for passing immigration reform—and i said zero!
again, immigration reform is fine—but don’t rush to give away our country. that’s what’s happening!
. @marcorubio is weak on illegal immigration and will allow anyone into the country.....
what did you think of the boardroom?
great boardroom! what did you think?
what did you think of my decision?
dopeysugar @lord_sugar —why did you close down your site over the weekend? did someone tell you to do it?
. @joan_rivers —i know you’re watching- what did you think of your impersonator?
what bernie sanders really thinks of crooked hillary clinton.
" @baberuth99 : we've got your back mr. trump! we're not politicians (all talk and no action). just let us know what you need us to do."
going on letterman now - let me know what you think - how did i do? here we go!
we can’t even stop the norks from blasting a missile. china is laughing at us. it is really sad.
who thinks that president obama is totally incompetent?
thank you arkansas! get out &  on tuesday. we will make america safe & great again!
made a speech in arkansas last night before a record gop crowd. great spirit and amazing people. make america great again!
my thoughts and prayers are with the two police officers shot in sebastian county, arkansas.
i never want someone working for me who doesn’t want to be there--and in the same way, you shouldn’t want to be there, either.
i don't want to be the only billionaire in america---i want all americans to be rich.
funny that jeb(!) didn't want help from his family in his failed campaign and didn't even want to use his last  mommy, now brother!
tonight's episode of the apprentice is one you won't want to miss! be sure to tune in--10 . on nbc.
" @gmoneyrainmaker : i hope @cnn has enough bandwidth tonight because not many will be watching @foxnews . watching trump tonight  "
. @joan_rivers —i know you’re watching- what did you think of your impersonator?
if you have passion, confidence, resilience, & vision, you could become an entrepreneur. add focus to the list & you're off to a good start
re negotiation: trust your instincts even after you've honed your skills. they're there for a reason.
" @russellwestofa : i'm a democrat, have not been your biggest fan, but you made some very good points on the  show tonight."
hillary clinton surged the trade deficit with china 40% as secretary of state, costing americans millions of jobs.
isis gained tremendous strength during hillary clinton's term as secretary of state. when will the dishonest media report the facts!
entrepreneurs: see each day as an opportunity to show what you can do at the highest level.
" @jaredwyand : let's be clear..  is about "never someone we don't own" you either play into it & let them win or vote trump.
while in politics it is often smart to send out false messages, one thing is clear: that hillary does not want to run against trump.
clear winner of the  . thank you for your support!
problem with @gop is not their message, it’s that they are incapable of controlling the message.
mr. president, it is time to lead on the korean crisis. make a statement from the rose garden and send a strong message to the man child!
“you have to have confidence in yourself and confidence to know that what you are doing is right.” – think big
thank you for all of your support! let's  !
“confidence is contagious. so is lack of confidence.” - vince lombardi
total misnomer to call obamacare ‘the affordable care act.’ affordable for whom besides big businesses & congress w/their exemptions?
let's not start celebrating over libya until we see who takes over.
another new post-debate poll. thank you!
gary johnson is asking people "to waste" their vote on him. make it count - vote for @mittromney .
the people that gave you global warming are the same people that gave you obamacare!
the only people who are not interested in being the . pick are the people who have not been asked!
can you believe that our very stupid politicians released the leader of isis and now we are spending billions trying to get him back!
kasich just announced that he wants the people of indiana to vote for him. typical politician - can't make a deal work.
“strong men have sound ideas and the force to make these ideas effective.” -- andrew mellon
who do you think won?
republicans must stop listening to dopes like @karlrove who still insists mitt romney won the last election. think big & think strong!
" @pierscomments : the only strong leader that the republicans have at the moment is donald trump."
crazy - election officials saying that there is nothing stopping illegal immigrants from voting. this is very bad (unfair) for republicans!
in business, you make decisions that are in your best interests. time for the us gov't to do the same. let’s make america great again!
welcome to twitter, @melaniatrump !
it is clinton and sanders people who disrupted my rally in chicago - and then they say i must talk to my people. phony politicians!
it’s amazing how people can talk about me but i’m not allowed to talk about them.
obama keeps namedropping bill clinton-- he is no bill clinton.
clinton commented in ohio today that @mittromney is right, the economy has not been fixed under  always said bill was an honest man.
we need a balanced budget amendment because congress has no fiscal discipline.
no member of congress should be eligible for re-election if our country's budget is not balanced---deficits not allowed!
@johnboehner mr. speaker, bring the balanced budget amendment to the floor for a vote! let's get the ball rolling.
iran's quest for nuclear weapons is a major threat to our nation's national security interests. we can't allow iran to go nuclear.
" @jimlibertarian : @nbcnewyork in god we trust and in donald we trust, donald will make america second to none in every aspect known to man!
" @trump_world : "the man with a plan! go trump! we got your back!  " donaldtrump   "
“one man with courage is a majority.” - thomas jefferson
if i would have challenged the man, the media would have accused me of interfering with that man's right of free speech. a no win situation!
happy birthday - to the united states air force!!
i look so forward to debating crooked hillary clinton! democrat primaries are rigged, e-mail investigation is rigged - so time to get it on!
" @pauladuvall2 : cruz will say anything that is contrary to what you have to say. if you're for motherhood, he'll be against it!"
. @montgomeriefdn your commentary this weekend was fantastic. people love what you say and how you say it.
the @cnn panels are so one sided, almost all against trump. @foxnews is so much better and the ratings are much higher. don't watch cnn!
if i only had 1 person running against me in the primaries like hillary clinton, i would have gotten 10 million more votes than she did!
why isn't hillary clinton 50 points ahead?
.....ahead of schedule and under budget! will be in oklahoma tonight!
" @oldmanconroy : it's called "climate change". no, they changed it to "climate change" when "global warming" wasn't working anymore-too cold!
in business, you make decisions that are in your best interests. time for the us gov't to do the same. let’s make america great again!
the least number of hurricanes in the . in decades. so they change global warming (too cold) to climate change-now what will they call it
thank you to the greatest heroes
negotiation is an art. treat it like one.
congratulations to our great women's olympic soccer team @ussoccer on their gold medal. they made us all proud!
congratulations to our olympic team for by far winning the most medals, including first place gold.
wow, every poll said i won the debate last night. great honor!
how could michael forbes get scot of the year when he lost—badly—to me & andy murray, a true scot, who won the . open & olympic gold?
jeb bush spent more than $40,000,000 in new hampshire to come in 4 or 5, i spent $3,000,000 to come in 1st. big difference in capability!
just out: trump gop debate - 18,000,000. clinton democrat debate - 6,700,000. and they were on major network vs. cable!
an unbelievable night in iowa with our great veterans! we raised $6,000,000.00 while the politicians talked!
club for growth letter- trying to extort $1,000,000.00 from me. remember, i said- no!
when i intelligently turned down the club for growth crazy request for $1,000,000, they got  a waste of money that would have been
america should not be pressuring @israel to show restraint against iran. we should be working to stop iran's nuclear drive.
the white house should stop publicly pressuring israel on iran. iran's nuclear program is the threat, not israel's right to self-defense.
@israel faces an existential threat in iran's nuclear drive. unfortunately @barackobama is no friend of israel.
iran's continued public threats of annihilating @israel are unacceptable. iran's nuclear drive must be stopped.
iran's quest for nuclear weapons is a major threat to our nation's national security interests. we can't allow iran to go nuclear.
seems to be the next election must be about jobs and gas prices--not birth control.
goofy elizabeth warren is now using the woman’s card like her friend crooked hillary. see her dumb tweet “when a woman stands up to you…”
@hialexcarlson thanks--just common sense.
legal immigrants want border security. it is common sense. we must build a wall! let's make america great again!
forty -six million americans---more than at any time ever in the history of this country--now live under the poverty line.
...while her charity is getting less than 5 cents per donated dollar. she should be ashamed!
who are your favorites on team power? team plan b?
if i only had 1 person running against me in the primaries like hillary clinton, i would have gotten 10 million more votes than she did!
" @woodrowwinters nothing would make me prouder than to see mr. trump in the oval office. business would get done." thanks and true.
new study shows 80% of congress have no business experience--it shows!
the podium in the oval office looks odd! not good, but the words will be the key.
" @bluewaterdays : would rather have a dynamic, experienced businessman than a corrupt professional politician in the oval office donaldtrump"
people ask me what i do in my free time. the answer--i don't have any.
re my hair-should i change it? what do you think?
" @suptsims it's scary to think we have obama for 2 more years. we need a leader like you to change the course of this nation!" thank you.
remember, go vote--we need real change this time.
"we all know that chess is a game of strategy. so is business." - think like a champion
going on letterman now - let me know what you think - how did i do? here we go!
just got back from iowa, great people!
hopefully the republican party can come together and have a big win in november, paving the way for many great supreme court justices!
i will stand with police and protect all americans!
my list of potential . supreme court justices was very well recieved. during the next number of weeks i may be adding to the list!
thank you to the greatest heroes
leaving for the great state of south carolina now to make a speech about how to make our country great again!
happy thanksgiving to all. have a great day and look forward to the future. we will make america great again!
south carolina voters have the future of our country in their hands. vote now (today), and make america great again!
we have to make america great again!
new q poll out- we are going to win the whole deal- and make america great again!
if the gop will have any chance to beat @barackobama in november, the great people of michigan need to support @mittromney 's candidacy.
after these spirited primaries are over, @gop must be fully united for november. if we take the senate, we stop obama’s agenda.
" @theusalifestyle : @gop   (it will happen) gop must support donald trump    "
" @ronmeier123 : the strongest leader in this world and beyond is the man who is a forward thinker! p for president in 2016!"
who would you most like to see win  ?
when i say i would end obamacare, i would also come up with a plan that would be far better, much easier to understand, and cost less!
i am not available to be in @adamcarolla 's new movie  .
" @teabo : how many people would vote for donaldtrump if he ran? i would... if you can make in new york, you can make it anywhere  "
if i were president sgt. andrew tahmooressi would be let out of jail with one phone call. if not,mexico would pay a price like never before!
. @claudiajordan ’s judgment wasn’t the best in who she chose to come back to the boardroom—that was her demise.
the worst thing hillary could do is have her husband campaign for her. just watch.
if alison grimes can’t admit she voted for obama, even if she is embarrassed, then you can’t trust her! vote @team_mitch !
like her or not, hillary did what she had to do in the debate last night—get through it. her opponents were very gentle and soft!
...american cancer society, and the dana farber cancer center.
"a house divided against itself cannot stand." --abraham lincoln
just for your info, tax returns have 0 to do w/ someone’s net worth. i have already filed my financial statements w/ fec. they are great!
we are building china's wealth by buying all their products, even though we make better products in america.
thank you! together we will  !
together, we will make america safe and great again!
thank you america! together- we will  !
thank you america! together, we will all  !
thank you washington! together, we will make america safe and great again!
" @malski1954 : i changed parties to vote for you, no one else measures up to you, the gope needs a reality check. our country is at stake"
thank you america! together- we will  !
thank you america! together, we will all  !
together, we will make america safe and great again!
thank you! together we will  !
thank you new hampshire! together we will make america great again!
“pride yourself on your ability to find creative solutions to tough problems." - think big
"@caleb2207: you should get a show on foxnews! with your brilliant & independent mind i think your show would surpass the @oreillyfactor "
" @elvisfan1976 : @nrsc stop sending me emails asking me to donate and get a free donaldtrump sticker. i support him and he's self funding!
@phil_grech your not free, you'll never be free. you'll be back (if you ever left) because you can't help yourself!
we have all the cards. now is the time to make a great deal with iran.
republicans had all the cards but not the guts to make a great deal!
republicans have all the cards...but they just don't know it!
i can't believe republican leadership allowed such a stupid deal to be made. they are rapidly giving up all of their cards.
s headline states obama suffers setbacks in japan trade deal. can somebody please tell him that with all they sell us, we have cards
...bad decisions can be devastating.
if you live in a state with early voting, you should be voting as soon as possible. bring your friends and family with you.
wow, big lines in kansas.
“do more, be more, give more--and everyone will benefit.” – think like a champion
why can't the pundits be honest? hopefully we are all looking for a strong and great country again. i will make it strong and great! jobs!
nobody will protect our nation like donald j. trump. our military will be greatly strengthened and our borders will be strong. illegals out!
we are trying to fight isis, and now our own people are killing our police. our country is divided and out of control. the world is watching
we have to make the . rich again so that we can afford to pay social security, medicare,and medicaid and strong to keep our enemies out
we should be building up our military and our missile defense systems to their highest levels ever. must be very strong to prosper & survive
 @gennyhatesyou : if you wanna make money stick with what you know and love  trump
have your own vision & stick with it. don't be afraid to be y day is an opportunity to show what you can do at the highest level.
entrepreneurs: have your own vision and stick with it. don’t be afraid to be unique. don’t tread water--get out there and go for it.
entrepreneurs: identify your goals. know precisely what you want to achieve. have your own vision and stick with it!
" @currentlyfeed : the  poll closed with  declared the official winner.
“learn, know, and show. it’s a proven formula. put it to use starting today.” – think like a champion
" @patrickweeks : “it’s  , it’s  , it’s  . it’s  , from my standpoint, and i just love  .” ~ donald
"i believe this book will rock a lot of people. don't just read  but share it with your friends and family!" -rushlimbaugh
we pay a disproportionate share of the cost of . why? it is time to renegotiate, and the time is now!
. @jebbush has embarrassed himself & his family with his incompetent campaign for president. he should remain true to himself.
at the end of the day, obama won the battleground states by less than 500,000 votes. this was a winnable race. gop needs to do better!
jeb bush spent more than $40,000,000 in new hampshire to come in 4 or 5, i spent $3,000,000 to come in 1st. big difference in capability!
crooked hillary wants a radical 500% increase in syrian refugees. we can’t allow this. time to get smart and protect america!
so, so, so important - make america great again!
he @ricksantorum should get out of the race so republicans can focus on @barackobama .
let us never negotiate out of fear, but let us never fear to negotiate. --john f. kennedy, inaugural address, january 1961
"@mrkhanm87: everyone wants to be donald trump, yet no one knows what he has been through in past. no one wants to accept the hard work."
who would you like to see on next season of  ? let us know- everyone wants to be on it.
remember this: obama wants to raise taxes, @mittromney wants to lower taxes--need i say more!
"it doesn't matter who you vote for--it matters who is counting the votes." be careful of voter fraud!
" @shepherdgarrett : it doesn't matter what the media thinks--it matters what the american people think keep it up!  "
sanders said only black lives matter - wow! hillary did not answer question!
alison grimes supports harsh restrictions to kill coal industry & supports obama's anti-gun legislation. vote @team_mitch !
did the boston terrorists register their guns? no. another example of why gun control legislation is not the answer!
fact – the tighter the gun laws, the more violence. the criminals will always have guns.
...it's called intellectual property rights, something they know nothing about.
will barack obama personally read the boston terrorist his miranda rights?
why are some more concerned with granting terrorist rights than protecting innocent americans?
the ny safe act is an unconstitutional attack on 2nd amendment rights. will also increase crime.
. @oreillyfactor the people of iowa love the fact that i stuck up for my rights, as i will do for the . also got $6,000,000 for our vets!
many of the great jobs that the people of our country want are long gone, shipped to other countries. we now are part time, sad! i will fix!
just watched @meetthepress and how totally biased against me chuck todd, and the entire show, is against  good news-the people get it!
off to nashville and the nra.
. @mittromney scored last night on both substance and style.
credibility is important to me- hence must admit that both candidates did really well last night.
" @masterbaxter8 : rosie & obama have something in common, both disasters and both made a huge mistake messing with trump.  "
people do not assume this but more than anything else, i like helping people. be at trump tower at 11 am today.
i hope all of the many thousands of people who are asking me to give up so much and run for president will fight hard for victory if i do!
the only people who are not interested in being the . pick are the people who have not been asked!
our thoughts and prayers remain with bret michaels and his family and for his speedy recovery.
my condolences to dwyane wade and his family, on the loss of nykea aldridge. they are in my thoughts and prayers.
thoughts and prayers to the great people of indiana. you will prevail!
thoughts and prayers are with everyone in west virginia- dealing with the devastating floods.
my thoughts and prayers are with the two police officers shot in sebastian county, arkansas.
this was the republicans election to win but they just blew it--reasons why to follow.
interesting how president obama so haltingly said i "would never be president" - this from perhaps the worst president in . history!
wow! new national zogby poll just out:.trump 45. cruz 13. rubio 8. big numbers.
i was never a fan of bush 2 for many reasons, including the fact that we should never have gone into iraq but once there, kept the oil! dumb
i will be interviewed on this week with george s this morning. enjoy!
our country does not feel 'great already' to the millions of wonderful people living in poverty, violence and despair.
a record high 6.7% of americans are living in extreme poverty. this is tragic. we can do better.
@random5 you can and you will--work hard.
@sinnerofa10shun work hard and love what you do!
. @brandonhardest love what you do and work hard.
we have a sacred duty to care for our vets and their families. veterans deserve universal access to care anywhere and anytime!
... it is time to get out and rebuild our own nation.
just returned from colorado. amazing crowd!
just returned from mississippi - a great evening.
just like its website, obamacare is a e all those who are fighting it are wasting their time-it will fail on its own!
congress must protect our borders first. amnesty should be done only if the border is secure and illegal immigration has stopped.
" @popularposters : our country needs a president that knows how to protect our constitution and a president that leads speaks the truth"
i will stand with police and protect all americans!
the iran nuclear deal is a terrible one for the united states and the world. it does nothing but make iran rich and will lead to catastrophe
iran's quest for nuclear weapons is a major threat to our nation's national security interests. we can't allow iran to go nuclear.
iran and the united states just pushed deadline back seven months on working out a nuclear deal. iran is tapping along our bad negotiators!
@israelipm @netanyahu ’s un address was a strong statement to the world that @israel will not allow iran to get nuclear weapons.
don't worry, the united states will be great again!
we have to make america great again!
we have a sacred duty to care for our vets and their families. veterans deserve universal access to care anywhere and anytime!
" @gopjenna : "i don't care about the game, i care about the people." and that's exactly why we the people love you so much!  "
“life is difficult no matter what, but hard work and perseverance make it a lot easier.” – think like a billionaire
we, as a country, either have borders or we don't. if we don't have borders, we don't have a country!
the chinese talk of climate change and carbon footprint but don't clean up their factories-but they sell us the equipment to clean up ours!
we have to make america great again!
without passion you don't have energy, without energy you have nothing. find work that you love and the energy will be there.
"look, if we can make chopsticks in america and sell them to the chinese, we can compete on hundreds of other fronts as well."timetogettough
nothing on emails. nothing on the corrupt clinton foundation. and nothing on  .
as i’ve said many times before, jon stewart @thedailyshow is highly overrated.
@menacesocietyut little jon stewart(?) is getting his ass kicked and you and all of his high priced writers know it! don't panic jon.
jon stewart @thedailyshow is a total phony –he should cherish his past—not run from it.
why isn’t ag schneiderman going after democrat jon corzine and the $1.4 billion that is “missing?”
i actually enjoyed the piece re sign @thedailyshow . could it be that i’m starting to like jon stewart?
"before you are a leader, success is all about growing yourself. when you become a leader, success is all about growing others." -jack welch
pennsylvania: cast your vote for trump for potus & also vote for the trump delegates in your congressional district!
@gop house has the right bill: “if you like your healthcare plan, you can keep it.” the senate must take it up on a vote!
interesting, polls on who won the gop debate.
who would you most like to see win  ?
this is going to be a special season - truly great characters and cast. you will soon see!
do you believe this - iran wants to trade our 3 prisoners (not 4) for 19 prisoners held by the . should have been let go with last deal!
“to keep your goals alive you must take action every day. no one should care about your money and success more than you do.” -- think big
"take action every day, and stay focused for the long haul.” - think big
we have got to take our country back. it's time!
"go with your gut. take chances. if you think you have the ingredients that you need, take chances, because your biggest successes...
"if you're going to think--think big" --- the art of the deal
what do you think of gary's definition of f-u-n?
" @thtswhtkelsaid : i'm fed up w/ dc playing 3 card monty w/ our tax $'s. it's time we the people play the trump card, & take back our country
congress’ greatest card against obama is the power of the purse. use it!
don't let obama play the iran card in order to start a war in order to get elected--be careful republicans!
wow! i hear that thousands of people are cutting up their @macys credit card. that's great.  !
between libya, the national security leaks and fast & furious, obama has had more national security scandals than any other president.
creativity and control can go hand in hand. brainpower is the ultimate leverage.
american exceptionalism and the navy yard shooting do not go hand in hand. foreign countries, in particular russia, are mocking the .
"don't assume you have to accept the hand you were dealt." – think like a billionaire
republicans have very strong hand in their fight against obamacare-lets see if they are willing and able to play it "tuff"!
" @jimlibertarian : @dan__crocker @foxandfriends donald trump is full of honesty and sincerity on the other hand hillary is a total liar "
we need strong, tough and brilliant leadership now more than ever! make america great again!
we need much tougher, much smarter leadership - and we need it now!
the situation with russia is much more dangerous than most people may think - and could lead to world war iii. we need great leadership fast
wages in are country are too low, good jobs are too few, and people have lost faith in our  need smart and strong leadership now!
@neanderthalman1 @mittromney i was referring, of course, to bill clinton's statement on the economy.
what is he reading?
i am on @foxandfriends now! tune in!
. @foxandfriends in 5 minutes.
i will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 - in 10 minutes. have a great day all!
will be on fox & friends at 7 (10 minutes). enjoy!
a veteran & true conservative, @leezeldin will make a real difference in washington. ny-1 gop, gotv for lee tomorrow!
going to new hampshire, all sold out crowds. people want real change - pols will never make our country great again!
obama was beaten but not knocked out. he lives to fight another day. but in the real world presidents are not given a second chance...
alabama people are saying their team has real football & real girlfriends—not good for notre dame—but they’ll be back!
if i win the presidency, we will swamp justice ginsburg with real judges and real legal opinions!
. @cnn is the  go to their dumb, one-sided panels when a podium speaker is for trump! vast majority want: make america great again!
the majority of americans agree with @mittromney 's comments on @israel and iran.
. - there is also something really good to say about humility. being confident and humble is a great combination, maybe the best of all!
@rpmnana thanks, good question/good point.
the more you learn about the debt deal, the worse it gets.
the u-6 real unemployment rate is even scarier than the national unemployment rate. @barackobama is overseeing a depression.
brian williams was never a smart guy but always passes himself off as such. people will learn the truth! @nbcnightlynews
"@solfusiongreg: @mediaite the more the progressives & rino's poke at the donaldtrump the stronger he gets and more real people like him!"
" @cassiewellkid : i think donald trump should run for president" thank you, we sure do need someone - and fast!
@anthonynotweet make sure you are doing what you love to do. you need passion to keep you going.
" @sensanders : i have a message for donald trump: no, we’re not going to hate latinos, we’re not going to hate muslims." i fully agree!
for great success, you need passion, but make sure it's well directed. learn everything you can about what you're doing. be an expert.
"you have to love what you do or you are never going to be successful no matter what you do in life." - think big
@barackobama said yesterday that we have "gone soft." how can the world respect us when our own president doesn't?
the world economic forum now ranks the us the fifth most competitive economy in the world. we have fallen from first under @barackobama .
obama is totally “tweaking” the republicans because he doesn’t respect them—they’ve got to change their ways.
i am at @trumpdoral watching the cadillac world championships. the blue monster is playing tough against the world’s greatest golfers.
i am at trump national doral in miami as the best golfers in the world start arriving for the world golf championship (cadillac). a big week
today we honor the fallen at  , 74 years ago today. if you see a vet today, thank them!
mariano rivera is greatest closer of all time. a leader in the club house & an exceptional man. one of the best @yankees in history.
"you can't tax business. business doesn't pay taxes. it collects taxes." ― ronald reagan
"the democrats' solution is the same solution they have for everything--tax, tax, tax. just one problem: it doesn't work"
obama's deal raises taxes on 77% of national households. with obama care taxes kicking in now, everyone will be paying for his 2nd term.
remember, go vote--we need real change this time.
isis threatens us today because of the decisions hillary clinton has made along with president obama. - j. trump
" @oldmanconroy : it's called "climate change". no, they changed it to "climate change" when "global warming" wasn't working anymore-too cold!
it's late in july and it is really cold outside in new york. where the hell is global warming??? we need some fast! it's now climate change
is that all there is? we need a new president - fast!
honor memorial day by thinking of and respecting all of the great men and women that gave their lives for us and our country! we love them.
thank you to all of the men and women who have served our country. you are our true heroes!
"i have so much admiration and respect for the 2.4 million men and women of our armed forces."
the  women totally blow away the victoria’s secret women!
the media is so after me on women wow, this is a tough business. nobody has more respect for women than donald trump!
our foreign policy decisions are dumbest in . history
it’s amazing how people can talk about me but i’m not allowed to talk about them.
thank you iowa! great night---see you soon!
just got back from iowa, great people!
for those few people knocking me for tweeting at three o'clock in the morning, at least you know i will be there, awake, to answer the call!
thank you! together we will  !
a great afternoon in tampa, florida. thank you!
look forward to being in tampa this afternoon. wonderful crowds. thank you, florida!
thank you for a great afternoon birmingham, alabama!
@tarikan_11 motivation is key, so is momentum.
i will be in maryland this afternoon for a major rally. things are looking good for tuesday!
tax experts throughout the media agree that no sane person would give their tax returns during an audit. after the audit, no problem!
in interview i told @ap that my taxes are under routine audit and i would release my tax returns when audit is complete, not after election!
" @jaredwyand : let's be clear..  is about "never someone we don't own" you either play into it & let them win or vote trump.
we are building china's wealth by buying all their products, even though we make better products in america.
trump will make america great!!!!
so, so, so important - make america great again!
we have to make america great again!
congratulations to @allenwest on winning last night's primary!
. @mittromney should have been more aggressive last night. yet some polls have him winning the debate.
congratulations to @alabamaftbl on winning the bcs championship last night!
thank you, so many people have given me credit for winning the debate last night. all polls agree. it was fun and interesting!
who is winning the debate so far (just last name)?
i'm sending lots of bottled water out to staten island & long island.
thank you rhode island!
thank you for a great day yesterday, rhode island!
the republicans can absolutely win if they stick together-but they are not sticking together. sen. mccain just said "we can't win".very bad!
thank you west virginia. let's keep it going. go out and vote on tuesday - we will win big.
thank you! together we will  !
"coming together is a beginning. keeping together is progress. working together is success." - henry ford
"coming together is a beginning; keeping together is progress; working together is success." -- henry ford
wages in are country are too low, good jobs are too few, and people have lost faith in our  need smart and strong leadership now!
. @berniesanders -who blew his campaign when he gave hillary a pass on her e-mail crime, said that i feel wages in america are too high. lie!
will be heading over to the debate soon. can you believe @cnn is "milking" it for almost 3 hours? too long, too many people on stage!
too many people on stage for debate. @randpaul at 11th, with 2% in @realclearnews , shouldn't be allowed to participate.
the stage is set for the real debate--it will be very interesting!
“most people think small because most people are afraid of success, afraid of making decisions, afraid of winning” the art of the deal
most people think small, because most people are afraid of success, afraid of making decisions, afraid of winning. the art of the deal
together, we will make america safe and great again!
trump will make america great!!!!
make america great again! make america safe again!
" @backontrackusa :not only is america not leading in the world anymore, under obama america is destabilizing the world & making it dangerous.
thank you for your support! we will make america safe and great again!
gary as the cat in the hat? he can work it out.
" @metrolinkfails @kieranlalor mr trump it's called envy. easy as that." but so much $$ is raised for charity.
thank you, new hampshire!
thank you new hampshire!
new hampshire is a critical state for both candidates this year. i got to know new hampshire and love it.
looking forward to speaking at saturday's @citizens_united @afphq freedom summit in manchester. second visit to new hampshire this year.
it wasn't only that obama saluted a marine with a cup of coffee in his hand, but why the hell does he have to exit a heli holding coffee?
@5thmcfly . in april - thanks.
i am greatly honored by the results of the cnn poll in iowa. in the end, i believe the final results will be even better than that!
great rally in new mexico, amazing crowd! now in . big rally in anaheim.
sanders said only black lives matter - wow! hillary did not answer question!
we are one nation. when one hurts, we all hurt. we must all work together-to lift each other up.
it’s amazing how people can talk about me but i’m not allowed to talk about them.
we are one nation. when one state hurts, we all hurt. we must all work together - to lift each other up.
join me at 2:00pmest today - live from trump tower - via facebook & periscope!
my prayers and condolences to the victims and families of the terrible tragedy in nice, france. we are with you in every way!
my heart & prayers go out to all of the victims of the terrible  tragedy. this madness must be stopped, and i will stop it.
our thoughts and prayers remain with bret michaels and his family and for his speedy recovery.
my condolences to dwyane wade and his family, on the loss of nykea aldridge. they are in my thoughts and prayers.
terrible tragedy at the empire state building today. must have fast trials and death penalty for the animals.
opec is ripping us off on oil. we are ripping ourselves off by investing in unproven green energy.
off to nashville and the nra.
an investment in knowledge pays the best interest. -- benjamin franklin
"an investment in knowledge pays the best interest." -- benjamin franklin
@doriandehari thanks dorian--it pays to persevere.
re-build the es not places that hate our country and everything we stand for!
on @foxnews at 7:00 . "special: meet the trumps" hope you enjoy!
why do so many people say i hate president obama—i don’t hate the president at all. i just disagree with his policies!
who do you like - hate so far?
" @writeitnow . a quote you'd like. you have undertaken to cheat me. i won't sue you, for the law is too slow. i'll ruin you. -vanderbilt"
it was an honor to be @gretchencarlson 's inaugural guest on her new show ‘the real story.’ gretchen will be a big success!
“partner with people who share your values, attitude and drive.” – midas touch with @therealkiyosaki
congratulations to gretchen carlson on her big move to hosting an afternoon solo show this fall on @foxnews .
hillary clinton didn't go to louisiana, and now she didn't go to mexico. she doesn't have the drive or stamina to make america great again!
" @mike_sherwood03 : i love the new sign in chicago! it makes my drive down lakeshore drive that much better! keep up the good work!" thanks.
let us never negotiate out of fear, but let us never fear to negotiate. --john f. kennedy, inaugural address, january 1961
" @baberuth99 : we've got your back mr. trump! we're not politicians (all talk and no action). just let us know what you need us to do."
together, we will make america safe and great again!
. @billbratton was a great choice for nyc police commissioner. he will make us proud, and safe!
"what lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us." --ralph waldo emerson
thank you - michigan!
@tigerwoods great playing, you are the best!
@jonkarl - very fair interview!
if the gop will have any chance to beat @barackobama in november, the great people of michigan need to support @mittromney 's candidacy.
"we need a tax system that is fair and smart--one that encourages growth, savings, and investment."
@4geiger hi sara--have a great time!
...get along & make deals for the good of the country!
big time in . today - make america great again! politicians are all talk and no action - they can never bring us back.
“i’ve found that people work harder when they are held accountable, and their confidence rises along with that.” – midas touch
i will be on the situation room with @wolfblitzer from 5-7pm est on cnn
tomorrow is  on @squawkcnbc at 7:30 am et
i will be on the @katieshow today at 3 pm et
i will be on @foxandfriends at 7.30 .
i will be on @wolfblitzer for a @cnnsitroom interview today. please join us 5pm et.
everyone join me tomorrow at 11 am in trump tower atrium.
happy new year everyone...it will be an interesting one!
i am the best builder, just look at what i've built. hillary can't build. republican candidates can't build. they don't have a clue!
“america is the experiment that works.” – president ronald reagan
just made the point at  that "we have to protect our border & i think everyone here knows, nobody can build a wall like trump!"
it’s amazing how people can talk about me but i’m not allowed to talk about them.
all he does is go on television is talk, talk, talk, but incapable of doing anything.
you talk tough, mr. president, but have done nothing about china killing our jobs and economy.
i will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:00 . so much to talk about!
will be doing @greta interview tomorrow. so much to talk about!
“most of the time you will need to work hard and stay focused to get to the top – and then work even harder to stay there.” -think big
@random5 you can and you will--work hard.
if you can’t handle the hard times that come with business then you will never be able to celebrate the successes. focus & stay positive.
"if you love what you do, you are going to work harder, you are going to try harder and you will be better at it." - think big
lyin' ted, i have already beaten you in all debates, and am way ahead of you in votes and delegates. you should focus on jobs & illegal imm!
i hope bill clinton starts talking about women's issues so that voters can see what a hypocrite he is and how hillary abused those women!
make no mistake---fast and furious goes all the way to the white house.
whitney houston was a great friend and an amazing talent. we will all miss her and send our prayers to her family.
fast and furious gun running goes all the way to the white house. we need answers now!
the worst thing hillary could do is have her husband campaign for her. just watch.
keep lightweight marco and his friends out of the white house.
over 90% of american workers could lose their healthcare by 2020 thanks to obamacare. repeal before it is too late!
thank you @donaldjtrumpjr . proud of you!
same failing @nytimes "reporter" who wrote discredited women's story last week wrote another terrible story on me today- will never learn!
@arsenioofficial we love you and are proud of you. your new show will be a smash!
this is one of the coldest winters ever, freezing all over the country for long periods of time! so much for global warming.
.  will go down as one of the dumbest & most dangerous misjudgments ever entered into in history of our country—incompetent leader!
" @kathyshirer : your country needs you~~donald trump~~ your about the only one in the world; that can get us out of debt!" thank you!
" @socal4trump : wow @megynkelly . you openly lie about who's ahead in the gop race. trump is leading in 99% of polls. shameful...
go out and vote--- this will be the most important election of our time!
our country is totally divided and our enemies are watching. we are not looking good, we are not looking smart, we are not looking tough!
we have to make the . rich again so that we can afford to pay social security, medicare,and medicaid and strong to keep our enemies out
when candidate john kasich, on the @oreillyfactor , talked about dismantling medicare and medicaid, he was referring to ben carson.
i am going to save medicare and medicaid, carson wants to abolish, and failing candidate gov. john kasich doesn't have a clue - weak!
huckabee is a nice guy but will never be able to bring in the funds so as not to cut social security, medicare & medicaid. i will.
i was the first & only potential gop candidate to state there will be no cuts to social security, medicare & medicaid. huckabee copied me.
it’s friday. how many people have been forced off their plans and lost their doctors today because of obamacare?
" @john_franco : when people start losing their savings & home value, they will be begging trump to fix the economy  "
... people love to hear their names and their stories said out loud.” – think like a billionaire
we will bring america together as one country again – united as americans in common purpose and common dreams.
re-build the es not places that hate our country and everything we stand for!
"when everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it." -- henry ford
just watched @meetthepress and how totally biased against me chuck todd, and the entire show, is against  good news-the people get it!
crooked hillary clinton is spending a fortune on ads against me. i am the one person she doesn't want to run against. will be such fun!
philadelphia’s mayor michael nutter is in china to drum up business for his struggling  politicians are controlled by the chinese.
we are one nation. when one hurts, we all hurt. we must all work together-to lift each other up.
we are one nation. when one state hurts, we all hurt. we must all work together - to lift each other up.
our country is totally divided and our enemies are watching. we are not looking good, we are not looking smart, we are not looking tough!
we are now at 1001 delegates. we will win on the first ballot and are not wasting time and effort on other ballots because system is rigged!
in the upcoming new year we will focus like never before - if we do that we will have complete and total victory in all we do!
does madonna know something we all don't about barack? at a concert she said "we have a black muslim in the white house."
" @runningdeep67 : @uniquecaptures too strong? point out a time in america's history where it was good to have a pussy in the white house!"
going to north carolina to make keynote speech - sold out crowd!
icymi-- " @melaniatrump reading newspapers and see...   @billygraham  "
looking forward to giving keynote speech tonight @chesterfieldgop lincoln-reagan dinner in virginia.
loved doing  keynote speech last night! unbelievable reception. had the biggest crowds by far of any of the gop candidates.
make no mistake---fast and furious goes all the way to the white house.
fast and furious gun running goes all the way to the white house. we need answers now!
way to go @serenawilliams - you are a true champion. proud of you!
yesterday the white house claimed its isis strategy is a 'success.' tell that to the christians being beheaded. we need to hit isis hard!
" @apprenticenbc : by the way — you will not want to miss  next week on  . that's all we're gonna say."
best ratings for the dateline show were for six months, not two months!
work begins on the old post office in washington . in 3 months. it will soon become one of the great hotels of the world.
in the span of two months @barackobama , the habitual vacationer, has called america "soft" and lazy." he loves to criticize america.
@foxandfriends in two minutes.
congratulations to @barackobama for being reckless. in his first 38 months in office the debt has grown at a rate that is unthinkable.
. @joan_rivers get well soon joan - keep fighting!
as i have said, the tea party is alive and well and fighting hard for the usa. big win today!
if hillary thinks she can unleash her husband, with his terrible record of women abuse, while playing the women's card on me, she's wrong!
the media is so after me on women wow, this is a tough business. nobody has more respect for women than donald trump!
hey @rosie --how is your recovery going? i hope you are doing well so we can start fighting again soon!
i have a dream that our country will be great again!
the american gymnastic team was great--our country should take their lead.
the american people agree. no free pass for  !
so, since the people at the @nytimes have made all bad decisions over the last decade, why do people care what they write. incompetent!
: stopping obamacare is now up to the american people. we must elect @mittromney this november.
poll - thank you!
new  . thank you america!
thank you - so nice.
thank you @greta .
thank you- new york! i love you!
it's true... dennis is really into this-very animated. i have never seen him this way before.
will be in orlando, florida, this afternoon. 25,000 people expected. this is a movement like our great country has never seen before!
i find the photos of these children killed in newtown in the new york post heartbreaking.
" @riggs101 : carl icahn: donald trump is completely correct that "we are in a bubble like you've never seen before"
"@zander_humes: wish donald trump didn't stop running for president." so do i!
obama lied 100% about libya and the killings--emails are absolute. he must release his records on wednesday and stop the lies.
so, i have spent almost nothing on my run for president and am in 1st place. jeb bush has spent $59 million & done. run country my way!
congrats to my friend @schwarzenegger who is doing next season’s celebrity apprentice. he'll be great & will raise lots of $ for charity.
the worst thing hillary could do is have her husband campaign for her. just watch.
" @joshuaalthina :i have a dream that one day i'll be able to tell my children the story of you taking office & fixing this country
secure the border! build a wall!
when will the democrats, and hillary in particular, say "we must build a wall, a great wall, and mexico is going to pay for it?" never!
hillary will never reform wall street. she is owned by wall street!
from day one i said that i was going to build a great wall on the southern border, and much more. stop illegal immigration. watch wednesday!
i'd like to wish all of my friends--and even my many enemies--a very merry christmas and happy new year.
prior to the end of the year, i will be traveling to israel. i am very much looking forward to it.
"know when to walk away from the table." the art of the deal
i got to know @johnboehner very well—he is a great guy who will do the right thing for the country!
looking forward to speaking at  next week in atlantic canada--my first time ever.
another horrific attack, this time in nice, france. many dead and injured. when will we learn? it is only getting worse.
horrific incident in fl. praying for all the victims & their families. when will this stop? when will we get tough, smart & vigilant?
in hillary clinton's america - things get worse.
today is my birthday. my wish is for our country to be great and prosperous again.
my son, @erictrump , is in memphis at st. jude children’s research hospital...
" @nbcsnl : see you at rockefeller center.   "
. @erictrumpfdn continues to do important work for @stjude children’s research hospital. i am very proud of @erictrump 's philanthropy.
yesterday in front of rockefeller center
on saturday a great man, elie wiesel, passed  world is a better place because of him and his belief that good can triumph over evil!
our foreign policy decisions are dumbest in . history
obama will go down as the worst president in history on many topics but especially foreign policy.
“if it’s worth doing, it’s worth fighting for. you’ll have lots of people and obstacles in your way. work & fight to get beyond them."
“if it’s worth doing, it’s worth fighting for. you’ll have lots of people & obstacles in your way. fight to get beyond them.”–midas touch
" @cassiewellkid : i think donald trump should run for president" thank you, we sure do need someone - and fast!
opec is ripping us off on oil. we are ripping ourselves off by investing in unproven green energy.
hope he won't spend too much time ripping apart the 2nd. amendment!
tom ridge should be focused on trying to bring the party together rather than ripping it apart w/ your faulty thought process. i will win!
" @johnsmi01433966 : the establishment doesn't like you because they can't control you and get you to lie to us and keep ripping us off."
. @alexsalmond , wind turbines are ripping your country apart and killing tric bills in scotland are skyrocketing-stop the madness
goofy elizabeth warren is now using the woman’s card like her friend crooked hillary. see her dumb tweet “when a woman stands up to you…”
@billrancic bill- you should have named your beautiful son donald.
obama keeps namedropping bill clinton-- he is no bill clinton.
i believe that crooked hillary sent bill to have the meeting with the . so bill is not in trouble with h except that he got caught!
the new @barackobama motto - "you own nothing, not even your own success" ...
"i don't believe you have to be better than everybody else. i believe you have to better than you ever thought you could be." - ken venturi
no deal is better than a bad deal. america out negotiated again.
we are going to win and make america great again, maybe better than ever before!
" @joehos18 : trump 96% success rate in business, only 4 out of 100+ companies went south. better than any other candidate. better than all"
. @ericbolling you can do much better than you did tonight on @oreillyfactor . better luck tomorrow!
united states looks more and more like a paper tiger. won't be that way if i win!
president obama will go down as perhaps the worst president in the history of the united states!
rush is right. @limbaugh and i have both created more jobs than @barackobama ...in fact, far more jobs!
“do more, be more, give more--and everyone will benefit.” – think like a champion
don't worry, the united states will be great again!
jeb bush spent more than $40,000,000 in new hampshire to come in 4 or 5, i spent $3,000,000 to come in 1st. big difference in capability!
republicans better start listening to and respecting the tea party!
honor memorial day by thinking of and respecting all of the great men and women that gave their lives for us and our country! we love them.
“in this game, knowledge is the key to power.” - think big
take your work seriously, take yourself less seriously. it’s a great recipe for some good times & great memories.
for success: find out what you love to do. trust yourself enough to find out what is best for you and what you're best at doing...
"things work out best for those who make the best of how things work out." -- john wooden
"things turn out best for the people who make the best of the way things turn out." -- john wooden
the media is so after me on women wow, this is a tough business. nobody has more respect for women than donald trump!
thank you to the robb report, the best of the best issue, for just naming trump international golf links the best new golf course in world!
i love you arizona! thank you!
thank you arizona- i love you!
see you soon arizona!
great to be back in arizona!
thank you arizona! see you soon!
negotiation is an art. treat it like one.
if you treat people right they will treat you right...ninety percent of the time. -- franklin d. roosevelt
remember, china is not a friend of the united states!
president obama will go down as perhaps the worst president in the history of the united states!
" @epilepsys will you or @erictrump try to be president of the united states? you could be a great president." thanks.
don't worry, the united states will be great again!
" @sintianiej :donaldtrump @intheelections @southheastt oh yes the next president of the united states .my president donald trump . in 2016 ."
the debate last night proved that hillary is running against the “b” team. she won’t be so lucky when it comes to me!
in last night's  @mittromney proved once again why he is the steady conservative who can restore america's future.
" @pierscomments : the only strong leader that the republicans have at the moment is donald trump."
carl icahn said this about me: "i think at this moment in time, he’s the only candidate that speaks out about the country’s problems."
" @foxnews : @frankluntz : time for the republican establishment to accept the fact that trump is not only a viable candidate, but lead is real
make no mistake---fast and furious goes all the way to the white house.
" @baberuth99 : we've got your back mr. trump! we're not politicians (all talk and no action). just let us know what you need us to do."
thank you for all of your support! let's  !
fast and furious gun running goes all the way to the white house. we need answers now!
let’s all take a moment to remember all of the heroes from a very tragic day that we cannot let happen again!
if you're going to be thinking, you may as well think big.
“go as far as you can see; when you get there, you'll be able to see farther.” -- j. p. morgan
"go as far as you can see; when you get there, you'll be able to see farther." -- . morgan
re: negotiation: view any conflict as an opportunity. be a diplomat as much as possible.
“think of yourself as a one-man army. you’re not only the commander in chief, you’re the soldier as well.” – think like a billionaire
"@writeitnow_: do you want to be inspired? watch @joan_rivers on the apprentice season eight!!!! amazing woman! thanks for choosing her!"
scots should boycott glenfiddich garbage for not choosing great olympic & . open champ andy murray over total loser michael forbes.
 @sintianiej : yes, this is our next president  trump. in 2016 election america vote djt  
give america back its dream! - j. trump
no matter what bill clinton says and no matter how well he says it, the phony media will exclaim it to be incredible. highly overrated!
"what you dream about is what you do. if you cannot even dream of doing big things, you will never do anything big."--think big
“what you dream about is what you will do. if you cannot even dream of doing big things, you will never do anything big in life.”- think big
" @malachinorris : donald j. trump is the very definition of the american success story. through trump we can bring back the american dream."
the house voting to repeal was the first bipartisan vote on obamacare. the gop must continue to repeal, defund, disrupt!
at least 3.5m fellow americans are going to lose their healthcare plans because of obamacare. defund then repeal!
republicans must unite to defund obamacare - it will drive our country into oblivion and, by the way, the healthcare is no good anyway!
obamacare will continue to stop entrepreneurship, slow growth and halt research & development. defund, repeal & replace!
the only deal the republicans should accept is a complete repeal of obamacare. you have them on the run - don't fold - go for it!
the  was amazing --- so much fun!
i agreed to take the worst spot at cpac because nobody else wanted it and it was the only time i could be there - it was great fun!
work is fun, deals are fun, life is fun - but love of a great family makes it all come together. go out there and make your family proud.
"success is having to worry about every damn thing in the world, except money." --johnny cash
“success is having to worry about every damn thing in the world, except money.” - johnny cash
" @dsmerza : hello donald i have looked up to your success in business relations, since i was a teenager. i am a small business owner."
i am the only potential owner of the @buffalobills who will keep the team in buffalo, where it belongs!
i am going to the @nyjets game with @woodyjohnson4 , the owner of the team, a great guy.
" @babyfuzz1969 : declare your candidacy! right time, right age, right mind w/common sense, right leadership    "
. @univision cares far more about mexico than it does about the . are they controlled by the mexican government?
wow, the supreme court passed @obamacare . i guess @justiceroberts wanted to be a part of georgetown society more than anyone knew.
you are right-more like the opening of the tonys.
self-determination is the sacred right of all free people's, and the people of the uk have exercised that right for all the world to see.
. @arsenioofficial why not everyone else is using it--- it's available at @macys .
"just be tough, be strong, be willing to learn – and you will learn. don’t be afraid of mistakes or setbacks." think like a champion
“if we get tough and make the hard choices, we can make america a rich nation—and respected—once again.” – time to get tough
in your planning, know how much risk you can take. evaluate whether the returns will be worth the risk.
if you want to be successful in business, you must take risks. make sure each risk is calculated and can have a positive fallback.
" @teabo : how many people would vote for donaldtrump if he ran? i would... if you can make in new york, you can make it anywhere  "
republicans gave obama a free pass to the white house -- they just don't get it.
" @are_jay_sea : we need donaldtrump in the white house in 2016. someone w/o political agenda & who just wants to make our country great again
" @beautifulblusky : now that republicans are dominating the house, all america needs now mr. trump is you for 2016 president of the usa!
thank you! vote in 2016!
keep lightweight marco and his friends out of the white house.
in the 1950’s our climate was far more unstable than it has been over the last 5 years.
i will be on the @colbertlateshow tonight at 11:30
the tonight show @nbc will be amazing - 11:30 . enjoy!
our gdp has been growing less than 2% for the last 5 years. obamacare will slow us down even more. has to be repealed.
" @joenbc : trump expressed concerns months after the iraq war began, while 60% of americans still supported the war.  "
can you believe that the afghan war is our “longest war” ever—bring our troops home, rebuild the ., make america great again.
like other presidents have.
as i predicted long ago, the war in iraq was a disaster for the . heading for civil war, there are bombings all over the  happy
"@linsey_gile: wise words spoken by donald trump: sometimes by losing a battle, you find a new way to win the war."
under @barackobama , 1 out of every 7 americans is on food stamps.
"experience is not what happens to you; it's what you do with what happens to you." -- aldous huxley
let’s see what happens in the boardroom…
no cuts to welfare, no cuts to food stamps & not a single cut to obamacare, yet the new budget cuts military benefits. sad!
congratulations to obama on building a strong economy. there are 49,500,000 people on food stamps. a historic record!
i never want someone working for me who doesn’t want to be there--and in the same way, you shouldn’t want to be there, either.
president said we would never leave a soldier behind. how about the 4 who died in benghazi?
i don't want to be the only billionaire in america---i want all americans to be rich.
hillary said with respect to isis, "we are finally where we need to be." do we want 4 more years of incompetent leadership? maga!
" @_bri : this is the first election i'll be able to vote, and my vote goes to trump because i want to live in a great country!  "
when you are in a war, or even a battle, losing is not an option!
america used to be the leader of the world. thanks to obama america isn't even leading from behind.
" @backontrackusa :not only is america not leading in the world anymore, under obama america is destabilizing the world & making it dangerous.
getting ready to make my speech at  . a great honor!
make sure you get out and vote...most important election of our generation...go romney!
getting ready to watch the debate--- as they say "let's get ready to rumble"!
getting ready to answer your questions.
go out and vote--- this will be the most important election of our time!
trump will make america great!!!!
go to @macys now to see the incredible new selection of trump signature collection ties, shirts and suits.
the new selection of ties, shirts and suits at macy's is amazing - also available in trump tower lobby.
thank you - michigan!
if you live in colorado, make sure to go to @acuconservative 's  in denver on oct. 4. colorado is a must win state for mitt!
iraq is no longer our problem. we never should have been there in the first place!
“i have a very strict gun control policy: if there's a gun around, i want to be in control of it.” - clint eastwood
there won’t be any new gun legislation. no surprise. americans support the 2nd amendment.
during primetime of the iowa caucus, cruz put out a release that @realbencarson was quitting the race, and to caucus (or vote) for cruz.
for america to be great again we must have a president who has been successful and americans can learn from on how to succeed.
on my way to cedar falls, iowa, now. will be great--i love the people of iowa!
learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow. the important thing is not to stop questioning. -- albert einstein
"just be tough, be strong, be willing to learn – and you will learn. don’t be afraid of mistakes or setbacks." think like a champion
the worst thing hillary could do is have her husband campaign for her. just watch.
put kathleen sebelius out of her misery and lovingly say, you're fired! let her go home to her family and rest. bring in top flight people!
sorry, there is no star on the stage tonight!
i was invited by caroline wozniacki to sit with her family in her special box during her match at the . open yesterday. she's fantastic!
my wife melania trump's show was a tremendous success last night. in case you missed her, you can see her again tonight on @qvc at 7 pm et
obama's disastrous judgment gave us isis, rise of iran, and the worst economic numbers since the great depression!
why are we fighting for the "rebels" that hate us-only to save face for obama!
one good aspect of the obama depression is that it will separate the winners from the losers. if you can make it now, you deserve it!
i was never a fan of bush, in fact, he was so bad he gave us obama! but obama is truly a pathetic excuse of a president, can't get any worse
great boardroom! what did you think?
just remember, the birther movement was started by hillary clinton in 2008. she was all in!
what bernie sanders really thinks of crooked hillary clinton.
"hillary clinton needs to address the racist undertones of her 2008 campaign."
great to see sec. clinton leaving the hospital yesterday with @chelseaclinton and pres. clinton. glad she is recuperating.
people will be very surprised by our ground game on nov. 8. we have an army of volunteers and people with great spirit! they want to  !
we must change the laws of our land and seek fair but rapid trials for the perpetrators of terrorist acts (boston) with harsh punishment!
just watched hillary deliver a prepackaged speech on terror. she’s been in office fighting terror for 20 years- and look where we are!
off to nashville and the nra.
happy new year everyone...it will be an interesting one!
our inner cities have been left behind. we will never have the resources to support our people if we have an open border.
it’s thursday. how many people have lost their healthcare today?
we are one nation. when one hurts, we all hurt. we must all work together-to lift each other up.
we are one nation. when one state hurts, we all hurt. we must all work together - to lift each other up.
our country is totally divided and our enemies are watching. we are not looking good, we are not looking smart, we are not looking tough!
. @piersmorgan and @omarosa really hate each other.
we are now at 1001 delegates. we will win on the first ballot and are not wasting time and effort on other ballots because system is rigged!
thank you south carolina! together, we will make america great again!
thank you south carolina!
thank you, south carolina!
i will be in south carolina all week. saturday is big, big, big! get out and vote - make america great again
on my way to south carolina. big crowd--- look forward to it!
republicans have once again capitulated to obama. this time on the iran nuclear treaty. when will it end?
...that it was hard not to end up rooting for trump..."
it's jan. 2. president obama should end his vacation early & get back to washington to straighten out the obamacare catastrophe--or end it.
@peterose_14 once again, it is time to let all time hits leader pete rose into the baseball hall of fame. he has paid a big price!
" @dirtyhouseguy : why won't you run for  and just shut all these idiots up once and for all?? show them how is should be done!!"
great job once again by law enforcement! we are proud of them and should embrace them - without them, we don't have a country!
we should cut off all aid to every country that does not respect our border. why are we giving them money in the first place?
we have many problems in our house (country!), and we need to fix them before we let visitors come over and stay. make america great again!
we cannot solve our problems with the same thinking we used when we created them. -- albert einstein
we only want to admit those who love our people and support our values.
“money may not grow on trees, but it does grow from talent, hard work, and brains.” – think like a billionaire
“becoming an entrepreneur is a personal-development program. if you grow personally, your business will grow.” – midas touch
"money may not grow from trees, but it does grow from talent, hard work, and brains." - think like a billionaire
i would absolutely kill jon stewart(?) in a debate - it would be no contest - he's not fast enough or smart enough (only obnoxious enough!).
@maxvayner your man, little jon s(?) can't win, he's not smart enough or quick enough!
cut, cap and balance. taxed enough already!
@longhornhomer he is not smart enough to understand!
@maxvayner stewart (?) wouldn't have even a little chance in a debate with me. he's totally overrated - not fast enough or smart enough!
putin's letter is a masterpiece for russia and a disaster for the . he is lecturing to our r has our country looked to weak
thank you for your continued support!
how come every time i show anger, disgust or impatience, enemies say i had a tantrum or meltdown—stupid or dishonest people?
i will be on the situation room with @wolfblitzer from 5-7pm est on cnn
in business, you make decisions that are in your best interests. time for the us gov't to do the same. let’s make america great again!
"what you dream about is what you do. if you cannot even dream of doing big things, you will never do anything big."--think big
“what you dream about is what you will do. if you cannot even dream of doing big things, you will never do anything big in life.”- think big
“if you want to be successful at anything in life, you have to be able to handle pressure.” – think big
give america back its dream! - j. trump
let this be the day you go for your dream. focus, don't give up, and only accept total and complete victory. you can do it!
who thinks that president obama is totally incompetent?
more poll results from last nights commander-in-chief forum.
@shopgirlusa . good idea.
it would be nice if our commander-in-chief was as concerned for our veterans health as he is for illegal immigrants becoming citizens.
thank you to our fantastic veterans. the reviews and polls from almost everyone of my commander-in-chief presentation were great. nice!
why did mitt romney beg me for my endorsement four years ago?
today we honor the fallen at  , 74 years ago today. if you see a vet today, thank them!
the delegates at the @dnc convention keep shouting "four more years." four more years of 18% real unemployment and another $6t in debt?
another four years--not good for the country but we'll have to live with it!
unemployment is now 7.9%. four years and $6.5t later, that is really bad!
“i can accept failure, everyone fails at something. but i can't accept not trying.” – michael jordan
“if you can accept losing, you can't win.” - vince lombardi
let this be the day you go for your dream. focus, don't give up, and only accept total and complete victory. you can do it!
my motto is: ‘never give up.’ i follow this very strictly. i do not let problems and challenges stop me; they are normal.
we should not cut any aid to egypt. their country is in chaos and now they must form a normal civil government.
" @tom38ts i wanted trump to be the president in 2012 the country needs trump to be the next president in 2016"
our next vice president of the united states of america, gov. @mike_pence !
"socialists think profits are a vice; i consider losses the real vice." - winston churchill
" @t_sharp4 : donald trump would be the most ideal president" thank you!
most of the world's great riders are at mar-a-lago today for the trump invitational, one of the most important equestrian events of the year
we have to make america great again!
trump will make america great!!!!
make america great again!
thank you! we will make america great again!
" @catspolitics : some of us never stopped ignoring him. rt @slate : only the really smart one's never stopped.!
this was sent out from ted cruz- as iowans arrived at their caucus sites to vote.
during primetime of the iowa caucus, cruz put out a release that @realbencarson was quitting the race, and to caucus (or vote) for cruz.
a great day in wisconsin! thank you  &  ! just arrived in  !
just arrived in new hampshire. thank you to all of my supporters!
" @hansel_amarilla : “as long as you’re going to be thinking anyway, think big.” –donald trump, the trump organization president"
"if you're going to think--think big" --- the art of the deal
achievers go for the challenge, so the next deal is what they're thinking about. they have an obligation to best themselves.
" @sportsmotto : winners see problems as just another way to prove themselves. – donald trump"
" @sportsproverbs : winners see problems as just another way to prove themselves. – donald trump"
on saturday a great man, elie wiesel, passed  world is a better place because of him and his belief that good can triumph over evil!
it is time to get out of afghanistan. we are building roads and schools for people that hate us. it is not in our national interests.
a great day in wisconsin! thank you  &  ! just arrived in  !
wisconsin, we will make america great again!
thank you - michigan!
fbi director said crooked hillary compromised our national security. no charges. wow!
crooked hillary called it totally wrong on brexit - she went with obama - and now she is saying we need her to lead. she would be a disaster
who thinks that president obama is totally incompetent?
" @gricecindy : that's why we are angry. the republican establishment will not support you. you are who the american people want!"
under president obama, do you think america will become a third world country?
" @brianjohnson4 : when you become president, who would be the secretary of the treasury? no one can run a business better that you."
congratulations to our great women's olympic soccer team @ussoccer on their gold medal. they made us all proud!
" @dashing1995 : you've said mexico is not a friend. i agree. usa faces mexico tomorrow in soccer. @ussoccer could use a shout out from you."
i love the mexican people, but mexico is not our friend. they're killing us at the border and they're killing us on jobs and trade. fight!
thank you, america!  via @drudge_report
via @slate : who won the  ?
" @coltswynn : the donald did it right at trump national doral. beautiful course.  " thanks.
" @15pinnacle : i have to give donaldtrump credit ... he lets everyone  into his beautiful   ...and it's beautiful!!"
@lbenson3 you're right, it's beautiful--thanks!
" @brad4634 a beautiful addition to my city's skyline and great dining!! thanks for making chicago more beautiful than ever!!" thank you.
@taylorswift13 thanks for the beautiful picture--- you are fantastic!
pm sarah westcot-williams incompetence should not be rewarded. you should vote for anyone who runs against her—loser! @primeministersx
"the ones who are crazy enough to think that they can change the world, are the ones who do." -- steve jobs
@coteter @barackobama just success for our country!
"sometimes your best investments are the ones you don't make." the art of the deal
"@adamwebb_uk ' @primeministersx incompetence should not be rewarded.' you gotta love dt he does call a spade a spade  "
why did @mittromney give his tax returns without demanding that obama release his college records & applications in return?
failed presidential candidate @mittromney was made to look like a fool by senator harry reid & didn't release his tax returns until 9/21/12.
@israelipm @netanyahu ’s un address was a strong statement to the world that @israel will not allow iran to get nuclear weapons.
with allies like egypt and libya, who needs enemies?!
“successful people don't have fewer  have determined that nothing will stop them from going forward.” dr. benjamin carson
the only people who are not interested in being the . pick are the people who have not been asked!
" @karabeckley : @kylekisskiss couldn't agree more! please our country needs a true strong leader! i'm terrified for this country now!"
more and more americans seem fed up with both parties----i agree.
" @jshamie : @golfdigestmag couldn't agree more. the course is not punishing bad tee shots like a normal us open would. boring finish!!!"
always remember, i was the one who got obama to release his birth certificate, or whatever that was! hilary couldn't, mccain couldn't.
. @traceadkins says @joan_rivers is a gem. i agree. we all agree.
immigration reform really changes the voting scales for the republicans—for the worse!
another great poll result! thank you!
" @lamodaya : in life you don´t get what you want, you get what you negotiate: donald trump"
the usc should be ruling any day now on @obamacare . hopefully we will get the right result.
" @margie352 : listen to what he says. you will know in your heart it is the truth. we are in a bad way. he is the only one who gets it."
when nobody wanted the ufc, i opened the way by letting them fight at the trump taj mahal in atlantic city. dana white has done a great job!
i wonder if i run for president, will the haters and losers vote for me knowing that i will make america great again? i say they will!
" @john_franco : when people start losing their savings & home value, they will be begging trump to fix the economy  "
i will be doing @foxandfriends this morning at 8 (not 7).
if dummy bill kristol actually does get a spoiler to run as an independent, say good bye to the supreme court!
i'm not going to be watching much nfl football anymore. too time consuming, too boring, too many flags and too soft. focus on other things!
" @patrickweeks : “it’s  , it’s  , it’s  . it’s  , from my standpoint, and i just love  .” ~ donald
“it's not that i'm so smart, it's just that i stay with problems longer.” - albert einstein
"it's not that i'm so smart, it's just that i stay with problems longer." -- albert einstein
it's not that i'm so smart, it's just that i stay with problems longer. -- albert einstein
obama keeps saying that he will do something--- but why hasn't he done it? it's all talk.
don't attack syria - an attack that will bring nothing but trouble for the . focus on making our country strong and great again!
get rid of gun free zones. the four great marines who were just shot never had a chance. they were highly trained but helpless without guns.
military lives matter! end gun free zones! our soldiers must be able to protect themselves! this has to stop!
obama still will keep all military recruitment centers & bases gun free zones! it has to stop. military lives matter!
we are getting rid of all glenfiddich garbage alcohol from trump properties.
in order to preserve my options and guarantee that @barackobama is defeated, i changed my voter registration to independent.
american sanctions alone cannot stop iran's nuclear drive--and @barackobama cannot get china and russia to agree on new iranian sanctions.
the senate should immediately vote on the iranian sanctions bill. what is the delay? iran is already breaking its agreement with obama
" @oldmanconroy : it's called "climate change". no, they changed it to "climate change" when "global warming" wasn't working anymore-too cold!
going on letterman now - let me know what you think - how did i do? here we go!
here we go with the oscars!
they call it "climate change" now because the words "global warming" didn't work anymore. same people fighting hard to keep it all going!
crooked hillary has been fighting isis, or whatever she has been doing, for years. now she has new ideas. it is time for change.
our next president must stop china's rip-off of america.
@richardroeper yes, you can't allow people to scam you & rip you off.
you must promise that you will never cheat off manti te’o’s test papers.
sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war. don't ever get down on yourself, just keep fighting - in the end, you win!
congratulations to @mets @radickey43 on becoming the first knuckleball pitcher to ever win the cy young award!
the deal with iran will go down as one of the most incompetent ever made. the . lost on virtually every point. we just don't win anymore!
@barackobama ---the stimulus will fail, just like the first.
we are going to win and make america great again, maybe better than ever before!
do you believe that secy. kerry just went to egypt to talk about "human rights problems" and this as everything is being blown up around him
...it's called intellectual property rights, something they know nothing about.
why are some more concerned with granting terrorist rights than protecting innocent americans?
i am greatly honored by the results of the cnn poll in iowa. in the end, i believe the final results will be even better than that!
“winning takes talent, to repeat takes character.” - john wooden
@mckay317 @trumptowerny i will check it out, thanks.
it takes "guts" to win!
new rule for @billmaher : check the law before you make a public absolute offer.
thank you for your support!
joe biden said that the taliban 'is not our enemy.' i wonder how our troops in afghanistant that are under attack view biden's statement.
@herschelwalker , thanks for your support- it is very much appreciated!
thank you for all of your support! let's  !
why would @barackobama be spending millions of dollars to hide his records if there was nothing to hide?
@erizzle05 only because he has something to hide.
as i always said, the "birthers" were after the truth. thanks to @realsheriffjoe @barackobama can't hide anymore.
i can't believe mitch mcconnell isn't way up in the kentucky polls. massive seniority brings so much power and status to state. brings k.$'s
" @masterbaxter8 : only someone like you "successful at so much" deserves a shot to be president! we don't need another mediocre politician."
whether you think you can or think you can't, you're right. -- henry ford
"whether you think you can or think you can't--you're right." henry ford
whether you think you can or think you can't---you are right. -- henry ford
it's not whether you get knocked down, it's whether you get up. -- vince lombardi
whether you like it or not, bush also gave us obama!
i am impressed with how clearly @paulryanvp explains the challenges we face and the solutions @mittromney will bring as president.
people have got to stop working to be so politically correct and focus all of their energy on finding solutions to very complex problems!
the stage is set for the real debate--it will be very interesting!
remember, go vote--we need real change this time.
seems to be the next election must be about jobs and gas prices--not birth control.
lyin' ted cruz can't get votes (i am millions ahead of him) so he has to get his delegates from the republican bosses. it won't work!
the  was amazing --- so much fun!
selfies- yes or no?
. @nbcsnl - so much fun last night!
@missusa2005 thanks chelsea--you are great!
russia should hand over snowden to the . but they are having too much fun taunting our leaders.
" @realjuliemallen indeed she was  she also looks like she was beautiful person as well great moms matter they shape who wer" thank you
. @megynkelly recently said that she can’t be wooed by trump. she is so average in every way, who the hell wants to woo her!
. @mcilroyrory what a year it has been for you -- and this weekend topped it off. fantastic job, see u at doral.
" @ayeshakfaines : no one did a broadway theme?! waiters in top hats & tails, dancers, "kiss me kate" cocktails...  "
off to nashville and the nra.
congratulations to michael jordan on his marriage over the weekend.
always fun to watch the @yankees . derek jeter had a great weekend.
i will miss @letterman & doing his show. he was always intriguing & smart. you never knew what would happen -- but he was fair!
great. just reported on @foxnews that many people who supported @jebbush are now supporting me. i knew that would happen, pundits didn't!
" @chrisbiedermann : building a massive wall on our southern border needs to happen now. support donald trump. he can make this happen."
“when you expect things to happen - strangely enough - they do happen.” - j. p. morgan
@drake4444444 i never knew but thanks for the compliment!
go out and vote--- this will be the most important election of our time!
make sure you get out and vote...most important election of our generation...go romney!
" @shawnslawns4u : @terrykimk93 @wsj this coming election is the most important presidential election in my lifetime vote for trump"
" @_bri : this is the first election i'll be able to vote, and my vote goes to trump because i want to live in a great country!  "
still time to get out and vote!
it would be nice if our commander-in-chief was as concerned for our veterans health as he is for illegal immigrants becoming citizens.
" @lagirlrebelyell :safe travels donaldtrump can't wait to hear the report later today! ty for all you are doing to take this country back
“think of yourself as a one-man army. you’re not only the commander in chief, you’re the soldier as well.” – think like a billionaire
thank you to our fantastic veterans. the reviews and polls from almost everyone of my commander-in-chief presentation were great. nice!
more poll results from last nights commander-in-chief forum.
we will bring america together as one country again – united as americans in common purpose and common dreams.
we have got to take our country back. it's time!
we, as a country, either have borders or we don't. if we don't have borders, we don't have a country!
i hope newtown ct can now start to heal—but it won’t be easy!
look, here's the deal: @barackobama has been a total disaster. he has spent this country into the ground and destroyed jobs
trump will make america great!!!!
"@caseybierer america needs to hear the truth. keep it up, mr. trump. you can help us make america great again. never give up."
make america great again!
make america great again! make america safe again!
for all of my fantastic supporters, and for the ., we are going to win and make america great again, maybe greater than ever before!
"a nation that cannot control its borders is not a nation." - president ronald reagan
just shows that you can have all the cards and lose if you don’t know what you’re doing.
our nation is a once great nation divided!
... and, in my opinion, should not be doing the apprentice.
" @justrelaxfornow : as a nation yearns for justice and equality, that nation hopes donald trump will run for president. june 16, 2015."
“i’ve found that people work harder when they are held accountable, and their confidence rises along with that.” – midas touch
i have an idea for @jebbush whose campaign is a disaster. try using your last name and don't be ashamed of it!
i have an idea for @jebbush whose campaign is a disaster. try using your last name & don’t be ashamed of it!
" @gopjenna : "i don't care about the game, i care about the people." and that's exactly why we the people love you so much!  "
thank you america! together, we will all  !
thank you! together we will  !
thank you america! together- we will  !
thank you america! together, we will all  !
together, we will make america safe and great again!
@charliemurphy just remember, arsenio wouldn't be back at all if it were not for donald j. trump - he admits that - he will do great!
..... he knows i don’t respect him.
this week’s all-star celebrity @apprenticenbc features another memorable board room rumble between @piersmorgan & @omarosa .
it is great to meet fellow patriots at the  book signings. can't wait to meet more today at trump tower from 12pm to 2pm
hillary said with respect to isis, "we are finally where we need to be." do we want 4 more years of incompetent leadership? maga!
haters and losers say i wear a wig (i don't), say i went bankrupt (i didn't), say i'm worth $3.9 billion (much more). they know the truth!
we need another bush in office about as much as we need obama to have a 3rd term. no more bushes!
@morali_arch great to meet you also.
it's not enough that we do our best; sometimes we have to do what's required. -- winston churchill
we have to make america great again!
thank you for your support! together we can  !
we have to make the . rich again so that we can afford to pay social security, medicare,and medicaid and strong to keep our enemies out
in the upcoming new year we will focus like never before - if we do that we will have complete and total victory in all we do!
looks like the line has started, be sure to join me for book signing, @timetogettough , starting at 11am to 2 pm here in trump tower.
new episode starting now!
it is great to meet fellow patriots at the  book signings. can't wait to meet more today at trump tower from 12pm to 2pm
"results are what matter. the bottom line is clearly the bottom line." --think like a champion
who are your favorites on team power? team plan b?
i can't believe the yankees continue to pay a rod - they have a perfect right to stop paying (and should have stopped a long time ago).
@arid93 they should have stopped paying him a long time ago.
what team would you choose to win?
"@nishantagg23: donald trump is the only hope for a crumbling american economy. hope my american friends choose trump"
i am growing the republican party tremendously - just look at the numbers, way up! democrats numbers are significantly down from years past.
the unemployment numbers are tragic. we are letting the world take our jobs. it has to stop!
great poll numbers! thank you!
poll numbers are starting to look very good. leading in florida @cnn arizona and big jump in utah. all numbers rising, national way up. wow!
i look forward to watching @clayaiken . he us a very sharp guy who will have a tremendous career.
president obama wants to change the name of the "white house" because it is highly discriminating and not at all politically correct!
make no mistake---fast and furious goes all the way to the white house.
" @ir0nspirit : can't wait for you to take the white house. our country will once again be strong! sorry jebbush, but you got no chance!"
thank you, north carolina!
thank you north carolina!
thank you wilmington, north carolina!
a great night in raleigh, north carolina! thank you!
thank you north carolina- get out &  on 11/8/2016!
make no mistake---fast and furious goes all the way to the white house.
fast and furious gun running goes all the way to the white house. we need answers now!
the more i get to know @mittromney the more i like him. he has the judgment and private sector experience america needs in the white house.
who would you like to see on next season of  ? let us know- everyone wants to be on it.
republicans gave obama a free pass to the white house -- they just don't get it.
just arrived in new hampshire. thank you to all of my supporters!
"the secret of getting ahead is getting started." -- mark twain
the secret of getting ahead is getting started. -- mark twain
thank you texas! 10,000 amazing supporters!
thank you to the people of new hampshire, i love you! now, off to south carolina.
@lord_sugar @piersmorgan sugar, if you taught piers morgan he never would have won!
have a great weekend everyone and for those of you that are young entrepreneurs, have fun but never stop thinking of the task ahead- victory
terrible attacks in ny, nj and mn this weekend. thinking of victims, their families and all americans! we need to be strong!
why isn't hillary clinton 50 points ahead?
@bornagain8344 will they pay us for the help-they have plenty of money (oil).
" @nicoleamarin : i can't wait to watch this season of  @donaldjtrumpjr i can't wait to watch @brandiglanville dominate!"
problem with @gop is not their message, it’s that they are incapable of controlling the message.
logic will get you from a to b. imagination will take you everywhere. - albert einstein”
logic will get you from a to b. imagination will take you everywhere. - albert einstein
@jenke2501 i understand your message.
a feature on the progress of the course @ int'l  club will feature on @cnnlivinggolf thurs 8 may 2014 @0930 & 1630 gmt
"things work out best for those who make the best of how things work out." -- john wooden
"i'm loyal to people who've done good work for me."
" @baberuth99 : we've got your back mr. trump! we're not politicians (all talk and no action). just let us know what you need us to do."
wow, new reuters poll just out. big lead if you want to make america great again! trump 37 cruz 11 this is at the top of drudge!
“most of the time you will need to work hard and stay focused to get to the top – and then work even harder to stay there.” -think big
the more you learn about the debt deal, the worse it gets.
“do more, be more, give more--and everyone will benefit.” – think like a champion
mexico will pay for the wall!
when will the democrats, and hillary in particular, say "we must build a wall, a great wall, and mexico is going to pay for it?" never!
mexico's court system  want nothing to do with mexico other than to build an impenetrable wall and stop them from ripping off .
@designergirla not a bad idea!
. @anncoulter has been amazing. we will win and establish strong borders, we will build a wall and mexico will pay. we will be great again!
" @lovusa4 : @fpatterson1050 kind compassionate heart! proof of that his wonderful children all give back they have dad's heart!" thank you!
@roannasweet not even close!
do you think crooked hillary will finally close the deal? if she can't win kentucky, she should drop out of race. system rigged!
my heart goes out to the people of boston on this terrible day!
no wonder boxing is close to dead!
i will be speaking about our great journey to the republican nomination at 9:00 . the movement toward a country that wins again continues
because gov. kasich cannot run in the state of pennsylvania-he cannot win the nomination- & should not be allowed to compete in ohio on tue.
american sanctions alone cannot stop iran's nuclear drive--and @barackobama cannot get china and russia to agree on new iranian sanctions.
" @johnjohnlacca : donald u have done a terrific job so far on the interview. cannot wait until u r president
"democracy cannot succeed unless those who express their choice are prepared to choose wisely...
success comes with hard work, focus and luck. the luck comes to those who seek it out. if you are not in the game, you cannot get lucky.
thank you west virginia. let's keep it going. go out and vote on tuesday - we will win big.
"sometimes the best thing you can do is just let things ride, let time go by." donald j. trump
@kdawnpatterson while i never ran, i thank you. let's see what happens in the future!
go out and vote--- this will be the most important election of our time!
wow - they are really killing jay leno - let him go out with dignity!
thank you america! together- we will  !
thank you america! together, we will all  !
president obama spoke for me and every american in his remarks in  connecticut.
thank you! together we will  !
we are one nation. when one hurts, we all hurt. we must all work together-to lift each other up.
thank you america! together- we will  !
we are one nation. when one state hurts, we all hurt. we must all work together - to lift each other up.
thank you america! together, we will all  !
@the_joey that could be a possibility but there are no plans at the moment. this season of celebrity apprentice is great--be sure to watch.
sorry, there is no star on the stage tonight!
you are right, the media is always offending donald trump-they have no limits-but they will do anything not to offend the boston killer!
hillary's vision is a borderless world where working people have no power, no jobs, no safety.
to all young college graduates – stick in there, keep your head up and make sure you don’t miss any opportunities. they are out there.
“i’ve found that people work harder when they are held accountable, and their confidence rises along with that.” – midas touch
when will anyone be held accountable for the va scandal? the politicians are experts in never facing any consequence.
obama lied to the public about the al qaeda attack on our consulate in libya. he should be held accountable.
the media is so after me on women wow, this is a tough business. nobody has more respect for women than donald trump!
"i have so much admiration and respect for the 2.4 million men and women of our armed forces."
who are your favorites on team power? team plan b?
what team would you choose to win?
"even if you're on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there." --will rogers
. @alexsalmond rt @islandbluenose you'll be doing us in scotland a great service if you win. good luck.
the losing team is now back in boardroom. i can't discuss the team members or what's going on or what happens from here on out.
@gop house has the right bill: “if you like your healthcare plan, you can keep it.” the senate must take it up on a vote!
poll data shows that @marcorubio does by far the best in holding onto his senate seat in florida. important to keep the majority. run marco!
it’s friday. how many millions has the white house wasted on the obamacare website today?
ted cruz, along with jeb bush, pushed justice john roberts onto the supreme court. roberts could have killed obamacare twice, but didn't!
wow, the supreme court passed @obamacare . i guess @justiceroberts wanted to be a part of georgetown society more than anyone knew.
" @wizhether : donaldtrump keep it up! they're attacking you because they're afraid. you're winning! we who love our country have your back!"
... also, if they’re at home who the hell knows what they’re doing (a second job maybe).
achievers go for the challenge, so the next deal is what they're thinking about. they have an obligation to best themselves.
it’s amazing how people can talk about me but i’m not allowed to talk about them.
while hillary said horrible things about my supporters, and while many of her supporters will never vote for me, i still respect them all!
just arrived in new hampshire. thank you to all of my supporters!
" @ashleyedam : it's great to see supporters like you along the way...watching americans come together the past 8 months
thank you texas! 10,000 amazing supporters!
@shouldtrumprun hundreds of thousands of supporters have already gone to and joined the movement at  have you?
why doesn't the failing @nytimes write the real story on the clintons and women? the media is totally dishonest!
wow, pres. candidate ben carson, who is very weak on illegal immigration, just said he likes amnesty and a pathway to citizenship.
dopey arianna @huffingtonpost is really after me--boring story after boring story...but i hear she is in big trouble!
just got home, watching the news, and every story is bad about the . someday we will return to being great again, but we need leadership!
same failing @nytimes "reporter" who wrote discredited women's story last week wrote another terrible story on me today- will never learn!
always remember that as your success grows, you will be asked for more favors. learn how to say ‘no.’ it is critical.
thank you idaho! i love your potatoes- nobody grows them better. as president, i will protect your market.
"obamacare has to be killed now before it grows into an even bigger mess, as it inevitably will."
" @billpwr1 : @collegestump @cnn @foxnews @drudge_report @blackrepublican fyi @batchelorshow @larry_kudlow  appeal grows!"
will the keystone xl pipeline finally be approved? will create over 100,000 jobs and make us more energy independent.
$5 a gallon gas and we have yet to approve the keystone xl pipeline. opec is laughing at us.
obama will eventually approve the keystone xl pipeline--has to happen but it is very late!
thanks to @barackobama rejecting the keystone xl pipeline, china has become canada's biggest oil consumer. china is laughing at us!
if i am elected president i will immediately approve the keystone xl pipeline. no impact on environment & lots of jobs for .
"the democrats' solution is the same solution they have for everything--tax, tax, tax. just one problem: it doesn't work"
to the geniuses at 'americans united for change': the more you tax me the less people i employ. get it?
@barackobama 's jobs plan sure looks like a tax increase plan to me.
hillary's bad tax habit!
"results are what matter. the bottom line is clearly the bottom line." --think like a champion
problem with @gop is not their message, it’s that they are incapable of controlling the message.
tomorrow i will be tweeting on only one subject!
“always get even. when you are in business, you need to get even with people who screw you.” – think big
i thought i was being nice to somebody re their parents. i guess this teaches you not to be nice or trusting. sad!
my parents: "trust in god and be true to yourself." -- mary macleod trump "know everything you can about what you're doing." fred c. trump
@morali_arch great to meet you also.
the @erictrumpfdn is doing amazing work helping the children...
new episode starting now!
many people have been asking me to answer questions. you can ask me questions at any time.
" @billd111 @seanhannity any candidate that says trump or anyone else should step down for speaking his mind should himself step down."
my father's 4 step formula for success: "get in, get it done, get it done right, and get out." -- fred c. trump
use your intelligence and your education to execute what your imagination presents to you. this is one step to becoming an entrepreneur.
if you’re sitting in an office working in a job you hate, then it’s time to think big and plan your next step…
a-rod hit ball hard first at bat. time for him to step up and leave.
"the secret of getting ahead is getting started." -- mark twain
the secret of getting ahead is getting started. -- mark twain
hillary clinton has been involved in corruption for most of her professional life!
if hillary thinks she can unleash her husband, with his terrible record of women abuse, while playing the women's card on me, she's wrong!
just remember, the birther movement was started by hillary clinton in 2008. she was all in!
happy thanksgiving - i hope everyone can get together to make america great again! it won't be easy, nothing is, but it can be done.
. @frankluntz works really hard but is a guy who just doesn't have it - a total loser!
“luck does not come around often. so when it does, be sure to take full advantage of it, even if it means working hard." think big
washington (.) is such a mess - nothing works! i will make america great again! it's not going to happen with anyone else.
trump will make america great!!!!
i will be going to church in iowa this morning with my wife, melania. after church i will be making two speeches and touring the state!
"having a vision for something can be a very powerful force for accomplishment." --midas touch
poll - thank you!
new  . thank you america!
thank you - so nice.
thank you @greta .
thank you new york! i love you!
thanks everybody for the happy birthday greetings, but it’s actually the 10th birthday of the apprentice. my birthday is june 14th....
thank you, america!  via @drudge_report
via @slate : who won the  ?
...it's called intellectual property rights, something they know nothing about.
without momentum there’s a lack of energy that can lead the best of ideas to nowhere. get your momentum going-- and keep it going.
entrepreneurs: get--and keep--your momentum going. without momentum, a lot of great ideas go nowhere.
remember to keep going--if you stop, your momentum will stop.
keep your momentum. without momentum, a lot of great ideas go nowhere.
“to keep momentum, keep challenging yourself.” – think big
don't believe the biased and phony media quoting people who work for my campaign. the only quote that matters is a quote from me!
@bearmntn but i like picking on losers!
" @sirmikeadams : why would trump run for president? he likes to be able to get things done, government doesn't. it can all change!
@ochughes true, not much gets done that way.
"things work out best for those who make the best of how things work out." -- john wooden
"things turn out best for the people who make the best of the way things turn out." -- john wooden
"@cortneykahrs:why should p know who two random people are. he's a celebrity. he gets a ton of tweets and was just trying to be nice.
such long rhetorical and boring answers from obama. no wonder nothing gets done.
who do you think won?
"you have to love what you do or you are never going to be successful no matter what you do in life." - think big
"you have to love what you do or you are never going to be successful no matter what you do in life.” - think big
“there is no worse feeling than being trapped in a job you do not enjoy. you have to love what you do.” - think big
who do you think is going home?
during primetime of the iowa caucus, cruz put out a release that @realbencarson was quitting the race, and to caucus (or vote) for cruz.
thank you kansas! thousands of people inside- and thousands outside who couldn't get into the hall. really amazing!
on my way to cedar falls, iowa, now. will be great--i love the people of iowa!
just got back from iowa, great people!
i had thousands join me in new hampshire last night! @hillaryclinton had 68. the  is fed up with what is going on in america!
based on @megynkelly 's conflict of interest and bias she should not be allowed to be a moderator of the next debate.
my plan will lower taxes for our country, not raise them. phony @club4growth says i will raise taxes—just another lie.
remember this: obama wants to raise taxes, @mittromney wants to lower taxes--need i say more!
. @club4growth asked me for $1 million. i said no. now falsely advertising that i will raise taxes. i’ll lower big league for middle class.
before you vote, think: obama wants to raise taxes, @mittromney wants to lower taxes--need i say more!
the hedge fund guys (gals) have to pay higher taxes asap. they are paying practically nothing. we must reduce taxes for the middle class!
" @mattj4226 my day was made when i read that you will be speaking at my first  !" i hope you like it!
don't ever think you've done it all already or that you've done your best. that's a shortcut to undermining your own potential.
" @jodil792 : you know what's making my christmas great, family/food/friends&you! i have my trump shirt on w/hope in my heart for america"
the new @barackobama motto - "you own nothing, not even your own success" ...
@miss_drax my first job was working for and with my father, fred c. trump.
“know from the inside out that you have the power to succeed and you will.” – think like a champion
happy new year everyone...it will be an interesting one!
there usually is an easy solution to every problem. for instance, a lot of our country's problems can be solved in next year's election.
hillary will never reform wall street. she is owned by wall street!
we have to make america great again!
new gop platform now includes language that supports the border wall. we will build the wall and make america safe again!
we are going to make our country so strong again, so great again. no more ripping off the united states. we will make america great again!
make america great again!
bobby jindal did not make the debate stage and therefore i have never met him….
no president in history has lied to the american people more than president obama - in fact, it is not even close!
in a new poll a majority of people felt the president "knowingly lied" about health care pledge. who are the fools who don't think he lied?
the stage is set for the real debate--it will be very interesting!
@therealkurse thank you, i was dealing with a very bad person!
@lucindamac thank you, but we are dealing with many very stupid people!
business is easy. dealing with people is hard. if you are an entrepreneur, your most important job is to choose who works with you.
thank you for your support!
we only want to admit those who love our people and support our values.
does everyone see that the democrats and president obama are now, because of me, starting to deport people who are here illegally. politics!
do you think i made the right decision?
if you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing, you're right. -- henry ford
president obama has made one mistake after another for a very long time, and the people of the united states are just plain tired of it!
isis threatens us today because of the decisions hillary clinton has made along with president obama. - j. trump
@gop house has the right bill: “if you like your healthcare plan, you can keep it.” the senate must take it up on a vote!
the polls show that i picked up many jeb bush supporters. that is how i got to 46%. when others drop out, i will pick up more. sad but true
in november, i think the people of ohio will remember that the republicans picked cleveland instead of going to another state. jobs!
i am a defender of @mileycyrus , who i think is a good person (and not because she stays at my hotels), but last night's outfit must go!
thank you marco, i agree!
did you agree with my decision?
rt @doralresort : thanks! rt @gem3wood : @donaldjtrumpjr you guys @doralresort have one hell of a leaderboard. love this tournament.
. @traceadkins says @joan_rivers is a gem. i agree. we all agree.
. @alexsalmond rt @islandbluenose you'll be doing us in scotland a great service if you win. good luck.
mike & mike in one minute!
spent time with indiana governor mike pence and family yesterday. very impressed, great people!
on mike and mike, @espn in two minutes!
look forward to governor mike pence . introduction tomorrow in new york city.
look forward to introducing governor mike pence (who has done a spectacular job in the great state of indiana). my first choice from start!
total misnomer to call obamacare ‘the affordable care act.’ affordable for whom besides big businesses & congress w/their exemptions?
we, as a country, either have borders or we don't. if we don't have borders, we don't have a country!
instead of trash talking @pmisrael on the world stage, @barackobama should be defending @israel .
i commend @drzuhdijasser for defending the nypd and commissioner kelly. the nypd has done outstanding work in defending nyc from attacks.
marco rubio is being crucified by the media for drinking water during speech!
did you ever not do something that had you done it would have turned out to be a disaster. never look back, just learn from your experience!
had @senscottbrown asked me to do a robo call for him, i would have done it and he would have won.
. @lord_sugar if you didn’t say the ipod would be gone in a year, you might have been really rich instead of the peanut money you have.
" @sensanders : i have a message for donald trump: no, we’re not going to hate latinos, we’re not going to hate muslims." i fully agree!
will be back soon virginia. we are going to make america great again!
we are going to have a great time in cleveland. will lead to special results for our country. we will make america great again!
"if you're going through hell, keep going." --winston churchill
"if you're going through hell, keep going." -- winston churchill
hillary clinton answered email questions differently last night than she has in the past. she is totally confused. unfit to serve as  .
crooked hillary wants to take your 2nd amendment rights away. will guns be taken from her heavily armed secret service detail? maybe not!
when the economy is bad, @barackobama wants to raise taxes. when the economy is good, @barackobama wants to raise taxes. notice a trend?
my plan will lower taxes for our country, not raise them. phony @club4growth says i will raise taxes—just another lie.
the middle-class has worked so hard, are not getting the kind of jobs that they have long dreamed of - and no effective raise in years. bad
. @club4growth asked me for $1 million. i said no. now falsely advertising that i will raise taxes. i’ll lower big league for middle class.
the hedge fund guys (gals) have to pay higher taxes asap. they are paying practically nothing. we must reduce taxes for the middle class!
resolve to be bigger than your problems. who’s the boss? realize that fear is the exact opposite of faith.
entrepreneurs: realize that fear is the exact opposite of faith. resolve to be bigger than your problems. who's the boss?
egypt is going the exact opposite of what it was. they will soon be very strongly against israel. thanks, president obama. @barackobama
if the decision by the grand jury in ferguson was the exact opposite, you would still be having the riots right now!
“if you want to succeed you should strike out on new paths, rather than travel worn paths of accepted success.” - john d. rockefeller
“after every setback, start thinking big as soon as possible.” - think big
if you live in a state with early voting, you should be voting as soon as possible. bring your friends and family with you.
re: negotiation: view any conflict as an opportunity. be a diplomat as much as possible.
wow, @cnn is really working hard to make me look as bad as possible. very unprofessional. hurting in ratings - bad television!
president reagan put it best: "welfare's purpose should be to eliminate, as far as possible, the need for its own existence."
china is filling the vacuum left by obama at the un on the world stage.
i knew joe paterno. when he heard what he heard, it just wasn't in his world--a different planet!
what can you learn today that you didn't know before? set the bar high -- do the best you possibly can.
going on letterman now - let me know what you think - how did i do? here we go!
ask yourself: "what can i learn today that i didn't know before?" always be a student, always be open to new ideas.
another question to ask yourself: what can i learn today that i didn't know before? always be a student, always be open to new ideas.
fact – the tighter the gun laws, the more violence. the criminals will always have guns.
the most stringent gun laws in the . happen to be in chicago - and look what is happening there!
the public is about to learn a lot more information on barack obama and his true background in the coming weeks…
congress should be worried about american workers not people who came into our country by breaking our laws.
... but like many other great business people have used the laws to corporate advantage.
...remember--i told you so.
flying to new hampshire to keynote the @loebschool first amendment award ceremony. always great to visit the granite state!
excited to be travelling to new hampshire on monday. the granite state is a model for the country. live free or die!
new hampshire is a critical state for both candidates this year. i got to know new hampshire and love it.
getting ready to take off for nashua, new hampshire. big crowd, will be there soon. fun!
thank you new hampshire!
hopefully the republican party can come together and have a big win in november, paving the way for many great supreme court justices!
my list of potential . supreme court justices was very well recieved. during the next number of weeks i may be adding to the list!
. @ewanshearer happy birthday
@scottlara1961 have a happy birthday.
happy birthday @ivankatrump ! you are an amazing daughter!
happy birthday to my wonderful daughter, @ivankatrump .
thanks everybody for the happy birthday greetings, but it’s actually the 10th birthday of the apprentice. my birthday is june 14th....
" @njunger_19 : has all he could ever want. if he runs for pres, then it it because he loves our country and wants to make it strong again."
@michellemalkin i fully supported mccain but when he lost, hoped obama would be great for . --- he wasn't.
@__bolt that could happen, he is terrific!
mitt did the right thing—not because he had to-- but because he never would have been given a second chance after his first fiasco
" @woodrowwinters nothing would make me prouder than to see mr. trump in the oval office. business would get done." thanks and true.
who are your favorites on team power? team plan b?
"i don't believe you have to be better than everybody else. i believe you have to better than you ever thought you could be." - ken venturi
if you're going to be thinking, you may as well think big.
what team would you choose to win?
@barackobama 's jobs plan sure looks like a tax increase plan to me.
“go as far as you can see; when you get there, you'll be able to see farther.” -- j. p. morgan
"go as far as you can see; when you get there, you'll be able to see farther." -- . morgan
. @mittromney much better on libya and middle east problems. obama has no answer.
hillary's wars in the middle east have unleashed destruction, terrorism and isis across the world.
“effective leadership is putting first things first. effective management is discipline, carrying it out.” - stephen covey
is it a coincidence that the middle east has blown up since obama became president?
"it’s more important to be smart than tough. i know businessmen who are brutally tough, but they’re not smart.” – think like a billionaire
great poll numbers! thank you!
the more you know, the more you realize how much you don't know. how can you possibly discover anything if you already know everything?
" @phickeyma : we need you for potus because there's a whole lot of people in washington who need to hear the words you're fired!"
" @pianobecca :donald we realy need you for 2016. you are handsome but mostly you're intelligent and we need you too make america great again"
just shows that you can have all the cards and lose if you don’t know what you’re doing.
forty -six million americans---more than at any time ever in the history of this country--now live under the poverty line.
china is not our friend. they are not our ally. they want to overtake us, and if we don’t get smart and tough soon, they will.
@dalhines thanks--they are good kids!
formal acceptance of the nomination!
i love the mexican people, but mexico is not our friend. they're killing us at the border and they're killing us on jobs and trade. fight!
don't worry, the united states will be great again!
well, obama refused to say (he just can't say it), that we are at war with radical islamic terrorists.
president obama will go down as perhaps the worst president in the history of the united states!
the united states needs to fix its own problems, of which there are many, first!
remember, china is not a friend of the united states!
when you think big, you will automatically trigger more details because details are the major component of making anything big.
entrepreneurs: pay attention to details. if you don’t know everything about what you’re doing, you'll be in for some big surprises.
pay attention to details. if you don't know every aspect of what you're doing, you're setting yourself up for some big surprises.
i will be making the announcement of my vice presidential pick on friday at 11am in manhattan. details to follow.
the more you know, the more you realize how much you don't know. how can you possibly discover anything if you already know everything?
" @restorereality iowa is meaningless...keep pushing forward, run the table in nh sc nv and super tuesday. america needs you!  "
take your work seriously, take yourself less seriously. it’s a great recipe for some good times & great memories.
@sassy_grunch @joan_rivers @apprenticenbc seriously!
...and says something is seriously wrong. he will never go down as great!
" @coloradojoe2001 : how is any one taking carson seriously when he "suspends" his presidential campaign for a book signing tour?"
my twitter has been seriously hacked--- and we are looking for the perpetrators.
i am on @foxnews with @greta doing a town hall, from wisconsin- now! enjoy!
thank you for your support at this mornings town hall- in salem, new hampshire.
john mccain had a really hard time with his town hall meeting on immigration. they really went after him!
little @macmiller , you illegally used my name for your song “donald trump” which now has over 75 million hits.
. @foxandfriends in 5 minutes.
the republicans will get zero credit for passing immigration reform—and i said zero!
on @foxandfriends in two minutes!
despite all of china's cheating, they are not doing that well--we can beat them--our country has great potential!
" @btodd539 : @seanhannity now they are all saying donald really could be president! i knew this from start! we all must work together!"
" @hammetjohn : donaldtrump - how do u do it donald. no one could keep up with u at your pace. shows how hard u will work for us as president"
a really bad night for president obama. now the republicans have to get together and get the job done!
the worst thing hillary could do is have her husband campaign for her. just watch.
it all comes down to one simple question: how much money can you stand to lose? that’s how much risk you should assume.
.....ahead of schedule and under budget! will be in oklahoma tonight!
had a great time with @mittromney last night. he is focused and ready for the battle ahead. lots of money was raised.
why isn't hillary clinton 50 points ahead?
“most of the time you will need to work hard and stay focused to get to the top – and then work even harder to stay there.” -think big
@presidentstevie not when you are running for mayor!
" @bombasticsigma : can you just announce already that you're running for president so i can campaign for you.
" @bestphotosever : i hope you'll announce you're running for president soon. america needs a smart leader w/ true love for country like you"
wow! such nice words from robert redford on my running for president. thank you, robert.
" @cfarmer0608 : if you run for president i would vote for you. this country needs a businessman running it not a crocked politician."
@barackobama made a campaign decision on delaying the keystone pipeline to  pipeline would lower oil prices and create jobs.
$5 a gallon gas and we have yet to approve the keystone xl pipeline. opec is laughing at us.
welcome to twitter, @melaniatrump !
who are your favorites on team power? team plan b?
thanks for the welcome @dateline_keith .  now it’s my turn to  along with @apprenticenbc .
what team would you choose to win?
which team is your favorite?
" @shrubshrub : i've said it before. i'll say it again. the turn down service at the @trumptoronto is the best in the world." thank you!
when will president obama issue the words radical islamic terrorism? he can't say it, and unless he will, the problem will not be solved!
... people love to hear their names and their stories said out loud.” – think like a billionaire
after being ripped off for years, obama finally figured out that china is taking advantage of us. he's finally listening to me.
they keep sending me free @vanityfair magazines in the mail--stop already.
hillary was involved in the e-mail scandal because she is the only one with judgement so bad that such a thing could have happened!
" @elvisfan1976 : @nrsc stop sending me emails asking me to donate and get a free donaldtrump sticker. i support him and he's self funding!
crooked hillary, who embarrassed herself and the country with her e-mail lies, has been a disaster on foreign policy. look what's happening!
the new e-mail release is a disaster for hillary clinton. at a minimum, how can someone with such bad judgement be our next president?
. @montgomeriefdn your commentary this weekend was fantastic. people love what you say and how you say it.
“the difference between stupidity and genius is that genius has its limits.” - albert einstein
like her or not, hillary did what she had to do in the debate last night—get through it. her opponents were very gentle and soft!
" @thameena10 : @todayshow i'm saying.. @msvivicafox really laid down the smack last night!! had to pick up my jaw!
i had thousands join me in new hampshire last night! @hillaryclinton had 68. the  is fed up with what is going on in america!
tonight i trade places with larry king @kingsthings and interview him on the 25th anniversary of his show. 9pm on cnn featuring best clips.
i'll be turning the table on larry king this saturday night. i'll be interviewing him in honor of the 25th anniversary of his show.
then, on june 25th- back to the usa to make america great again!
i am on @foxnewssunday with chris wallace- his 20th year anniversary with  , throughout the day. enjoy!
" @dwaters7545 @trumpchicago @sixteenchicago had dinner there for my 25th wedding anniversary! absolutely beautiful!" great, thanks.
keep lightweight marco and his friends out of the white house.
make no mistake---fast and furious goes all the way to the white house.
republicans gave obama a free pass to the white house -- they just don't get it.
there can never be a sharp economic recovery until @barackobama is out of the white house.
it’s friday. how many millions has the white house wasted on the obamacare website today?
why isn’t the @gop congress doing everything possible to defund and cut obamacare?
obama once said he “would be ignoring the law” by granting amnesty through executive action. now he’s about to do it. what will congress do?
we must do everything possible to keep this horrible terrorism outside the united states.
how is bernie sanders going to defend our country if he can't even defend his own microphone? very sad!
. police and law enforcement seem to have killed one of the california shooters and are in a shootout with the others. go police
did you agree with my decision?
thank you marco, i agree!
do you agree with the client's decision?
@pizzaman77 in retrospect i agree with you.
. @traceadkins says @joan_rivers is a gem. i agree. we all agree.
"@jollygoodman181: vote trump for president 2016 americans last hope donald trump... let's take our country back. vote for the "don" 2016"
i always said @barackobama will attack iran, in some form, prior to the election.
no cuts to welfare, no cuts to food stamps & not a single cut to obamacare, yet the new budget cuts military benefits. sad!
is pm cameron a dummy? with monumental cuts in uk spending, how come he continues to spend billions of pounds ...
mitt's proposed tax cuts for the middle class will spur record economic growth.
national debt january 2009 = $10.6 trillion august 2016 = $19.4 trillion
the republicans never should have agreed to this past summer's debt deal. military cuts will now come along with tax increases.
@dannyzuker , are you ready for the deal?
@dannyzucker , are you ready for the deal?
get ready for tonight!
getting ready to watch the debate--- as they say "let's get ready to rumble"!
" @devin199722 : just watched you on @oreillyfactor want you to run for office in 2016 so you can be the first president i vote for!!!"
we are one nation. when one hurts, we all hurt. we must all work together-to lift each other up.
we are one nation. when one state hurts, we all hurt. we must all work together - to lift each other up.
“we build too many walls and not enough bridges.” - isaac newton
. @piersmorgan and @omarosa really hate each other.
boston incident is terrible. we need energy and passion, but we must treat each other with respect. i would never condone violence.
paying attention is a cost effective way of protecting yourself and your interests.
off to nashville and the nra.
why is washington ready to spend billions on care for illegals while our va is still in shambles? vets should be the priority.
just made the point at  that "we have to protect our border & i think everyone here knows, nobody can build a wall like trump!"
"the measure of who we are is what we do with what we have." --vince lombardi
in the upcoming new year we will focus like never before - if we do that we will have complete and total victory in all we do!
when isis caught the soldiers, do you think they read them their legal rights prior to executing them?
now that mitt is gone, all we have to do is get bush to drop out and trump to run—and we will win!
will be on @morning_joe live from new hampshire - 7:00 . talking about the debate and more!
interesting, polls on who won the gop debate.
will be interviewed on the @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00 . will be talking about the debate, and more!
achievers go for the challenge, so the next deal is what they're thinking about. they have an obligation to best themselves.
on @fallontonight with @jimmyfallon at 11:30 pm. enjoy!
thank you- new york! i love you!
thank you new york! i love you!
thank you new york, and pennsylvania!
thank you new york, i will never forget!
new  . thank you america!
@swanrose2013 i create jobs!
the freezing cold weather across the country is brutal. must be all that global warming.
... where he raised 2 million dollars for the wonderful kids. eric has a great heart!
@barackobama made a campaign decision on delaying the keystone pipeline to  pipeline would lower oil prices and create jobs.
$5 a gallon gas and we have yet to approve the keystone xl pipeline. opec is laughing at us.
hillary will never reform wall street. she is owned by wall street!
no cuts to welfare, no cuts to food stamps & not a single cut to obamacare, yet the new budget cuts military benefits. sad!
crooked hillary is spending big wall street money on ads saying i don't have foreign policy experience, yet look what her policies have done
see yourself as an organization. pay attention to every facet of your life. what’s strong? what’s weak? what’s missing?
entrepreneurs: see yourself as an organization. pay attention to every facet of your life. what's strong? what's weak? what's missing?
" @pianobecca : first order of business for america is to elect donaldtrump. next is make america strong again! and he is the man to do it!"
why can't the pundits be honest? hopefully we are all looking for a strong and great country again. i will make it strong and great! jobs!
my message, make america great again, is beginning to take hold. bring back our jobs, strengthen our military and borders, help our vets!
whoever wins today, remember that tomorrow we still have a country struggling. our work is not done until america is strong again.
we need to secure our borders asap. no games, we must be smart, tough and vigilant. make america great again & make america strong again!
memorial day is a time to honor our nation's finest who made the ultimate sacrifice for our freedom. god bless them all.
“if you plan for the worst – if you can live with the worst – the good will always take care of itself.” – the art of the deal
...if you plan for the worst—if you can live with the worst—the good will always take care of itself.
i laugh when i see marco rubio and jeb bush pretending to "love" each other, with each talking of their great friendship. typical phony pols
" @snoburd : here's an idea: why don't donaldtrump and @mittromney run on the same ticket, instead of running against each other?" no thanks!
. @piersmorgan and @omarosa really hate each other.
" @annelewischicag : fool donald trump once, shame on you. fool donald trump twice… well, you can’t fool him a second time!
.....you keep forgetting to mention the fragrance, "success"!
president obama was able to fool the americans by getting elected, but not able to fool vladimir putin. too bad for us!
@jonyeong don't be a fool.
" @cathemazanowicz : we know you will respect the property...and bring new life to it. putting turnberry on my bucket list...." great!
looking forward to the "dine with mitt and donald" this thursday. can't wait to meet the lucky winner. @mittromney
i will be meeting with the nra, who has endorsed me, about not allowing people on the terrorist watch list, or the no fly list, to buy guns.
getting ready to make my speech at  . a great honor!
getting ready for some big news with my friends at @pgaofamerica
getting ready to answer your questions.
getting ready to watch the debate--- as they say "let's get ready to rumble"!
amazing nh poll released! we are getting ready to make america great again!
dopey arianna @huffingtonpost is really after me--boring story after boring story...but i hear she is in big trouble!
just got home, watching the news, and every story is bad about the . someday we will return to being great again, but we need leadership!
...what is wrong with this story? isn’t this just ridiculous? terrible!
this story is not about mr. khan, who is all over the place doing interviews, but rather radical islamic terrorism and the . get smart!
. @wntonight please correct your story tonight. the public is fed-up with bad reporting for the sake of sensationalizing something!
thank you new york, and pennsylvania!
does anybody remember when bill clinton, in 2008, worked long and hard for hillary? she lost! now bill is at it again. just watch.
will be on @oreillyfactor tonight. signing a copy of crippled america for bill!
the crowd at the book signing at trump tower in nyc right now...
is this the new york that ted cruz is talking about & demeaning?
this is a movement!
" @dcfoodsafety : mr. trump you're the candidate that we have been waiting for you tell it real and you will get it done you have my vote!"
....that has served our country is put on a waiting list and gets no care.
“most of the time you will need to work hard and stay focused to get to the top – and then work even harder to stay there.” -think big
...spread shots out over long period and watch positive result.
" @riannarichards : this is why i agree with donald trump: they should ban flights from  infected countries from entering the ."
stopped by @trumpdc to thank all of the tremendous men & women for their hard work!
this was sent out from ted cruz- as iowans arrived at their caucus sites to vote.
@sonnset2 he knows the best place!
..... he knows i don’t respect him.
wow, every poll said i won the debate last night. great honor!
remember when you vote, obamacare is a disaster!
"@jollygoodman181: vote trump for president 2016 americans last hope donald trump... let's take our country back. vote for the "don" 2016"
remember, go vote--we need real change this time.
thank you for your support last night, iowa!
why are we letting the three girls, who left the . to join isis, back into the country? how stupid has our once respected country become!
it is great to meet fellow patriots at the  book signings. can't wait to meet more today at trump tower from 12pm to 2pm
how can crooked hillary say she cares about women when she is silent on radical islam, which horribly oppresses women?
if hillary thinks she can unleash her husband, with his terrible record of women abuse, while playing the women's card on me, she's wrong!
glad to hear that @robinroberts is doing well. she is a terrific person.
" @stonezipper : @stephenfhayes donald trump if he stops running for president he's not what we the people think he is." will never happen!
he @johnedwards is bad, but @andrewyoung is worse--not only is he a "rat" but it turns out he stole much of the money for himself.
. @jebbush has embarrassed himself & his family with his incompetent campaign for president. he should remain true to himself.
@charliemurphy just remember, arsenio wouldn't be back at all if it were not for donald j. trump - he admits that - he will do great!
president obama spoke for me and every american in his remarks in  connecticut.
thank you tampa, florida!
a great afternoon in tampa, florida. thank you!
go to work today, be smart, think positively and win!
be careful of an obama "bomb" to win election! would be a horrible thing to do.
just got back from tampa. it was an amazing evening with an even more amazing crowd - fantastic people! will be in south carolina tomorrow.
the onus of the chicago teachers' strike falls squarely on the teachers & their union. inexcusable to leave children without school.
the same people that said i wouldn't run, or that i wouldn't lead or do well (1st place and leading by 21%), now say i won't beat hillary.
" @continuum9112 : wouldn't life as the president of the greatest country in the world be pretty boring compared to your life?" interesting!
without passion, you don't have energy; without energy, you have nothing. nothing great in the world has been accomplished without passion!
if you've got some problems today, that's a good sign--that's life. so give them some thought and make the most of the situation.
check out ivanka's new facebook page and keep up with what's happening--from the celebrity apprentice, to jewlery to free tickets and more..
watch celebrity apprentice, on now!
watch @ac360 on now! @cnn
watch face the nation - will be on now!
join me at 2:00pmest today - live from trump tower - via facebook & periscope!
isis gained tremendous strength during hillary clinton's term as secretary of state. when will the dishonest media report the facts!
hillary clinton surged the trade deficit with china 40% as secretary of state, costing americans millions of jobs.
" @rodsandguitars : @danaperino just lied about donaldtrump - dana, trump did not say "all are criminals & rapists" ..
any american who fights with isis should have their passport revoked. take them to gitmo for interrogation.
any american who fights w/ isis in iraq or syria should have their passport revoked. if they try to come back in, send them to gitmo.
. @mannypacquiao was robbed in his title fight on saturday night. no wonder boxing is dying. bring back the 15 round fights.
the ows protesters are doing nothing to advance the interests of the 99%. time for them to go home!
i have always been the same person-remain true to  media wants me to change but it would be very dishonest to supporters to do so!
if i would have offered obama a billion dollars to show his records, he would have refused.
" @iamapatsfan : i would rather donald trump be the president than jeb bush." would do a much better job!
who would you like to see on next season of  ? let us know- everyone wants to be on it.
@therealkurse thank you, i was dealing with a very bad person!
presents bold solutions on taxes, national security, the debt, dealing with opec and china and defeating @barackobama .
@lucindamac thank you, but we are dealing with many very stupid people!
didn't the boston killer even run over his own brother with a car in order to get away? we are not dealing with an innocent baby here-death
thoughts and prayers are with everyone in west virginia- dealing with the devastating floods.
make sure to enjoy your time with your family during the holiday. it is a special time. love and appreciate your family.
" @mikeolmusic :i absolutely love your family mr. trump. i'm a humongous admirer of you and your family. can't wait to see the next season"
@trainspartanfit your family and dad are great-your mother must have been amazing!
what team would you choose to win?
“to keep your goals alive you must take action every day. no one should care about your money and success more than you do.” -- think big
" @petegagliardo seeing how excited trump is about the bills is awesome. we deserve to have someone committed to keeping the bills in buffalo
wow, nato's top commander just announced that he agrees with me that alliance members must pay their bills. this is a general i will like!
thank you to all of our amazing military families, service members, and veterans.
thank you oklahoma & virginia!
. @foxandfriends in five minutes!
thank you! vote in 2016!
 @sintianiej : yes, this is our next president  trump. in 2016 election america vote djt  
. @foxandfriends in five minutes. enjoy!
mitt's proposed tax cuts for the middle class will spur record economic growth.
the middle-class has worked so hard, are not getting the kind of jobs that they have long dreamed of - and no effective raise in years. bad
@barackobama 's jobs plan sure looks like a tax increase plan to me.
. @club4growth asked me for $1 million. i said no. now falsely advertising that i will raise taxes. i’ll lower big league for middle class.
"sometimes the best thing you can do is just let things ride, let time go by." donald j. trump
i think everyone will like my new and very successful book, crippled america. go get it and let me know what you think!
thank you for all of your support! let's  !
hillary clinton didn't go to louisiana, and now she didn't go to mexico. she doesn't have the drive or stamina to make america great again!
tomorrow will be a really big day for america. make america great again!
entrepreneurs: put everything you've got into what you're doing. know exactly what you want and go for it. nothing should be haphazard.
entrepreneurs: see yourself as victorious. this will focus you in the right direction. put everything you've got into what you're doing.
“do what you can, with what you have, where you are.” - theodore roosevelt
entrepreneurs: put everything you've got into what you're doing. be totally focused--nothing should be haphazard.
"you have to love what you do or you are never going to be successful no matter what you do in life.” - think big
staff at trump park avenue disliked a-rod--to put it "mildly" -- the staff at trump world tower loves derek jeter.
" @jenswannstyle : just had an amazing stay at trump tower toronto. hotel suberb, staff fantastic. thank you. will always stay trump now."
many on the team and staff of bernie sanders have been treated badly by the hillary clinton campaign - and they like trump on trade, a lot!
the trump tower atrium is such a great place & kept thousands of people warm & safe during the storm--thanks, staff!
. @jebbush is totally lost -- he spends too much time managing the bloated staff of his campaign & not enough talking about america's future.
happy new year from  ! thank you to my great family for all of their support.
what team would you choose to win?
thank you columbus, ohio!
thank you columbus, ohio! i will be back soon.
the fed's reckless monetary policy is going to create record inflation.
“if it’s worth doing, it’s worth fighting for. you’ll have lots of people and obstacles in your way. work & fight to get beyond them."
we can't let this happen. we should march on washington and stop this travesty. our nation is totally divided!
we, as a country, either have borders or we don't. if we don't have borders, we don't have a country!
let this be the day you go for your dream. focus, don't give up, and only accept total and complete victory. you can do it!
we have got to take our country back. it's time!
why do we keep broadcasting when we are going to attack syria. why can't we just be quiet and, if we attack at all, catch them by surprise?
thank you to our law enforcement officers!
thank you to our amazing law enforcement officers!
shooting deaths of police officers up 78% this year. we must restore law and order and protect our great law enforcement officers!
thank you to the amazing law enforcement officers in colorado!
thank you to the amazing law enforcement officers today- in daytona beach, florida!
" @taynishagray : so yeah the first vote i will ever cast for president will be donald trump bc who can really argue with donald trump?"
what do you think of @dennisrodman ’s donald trump head? the hair’s not quite right, for one thing.
" @veneziamatthew : trump is the only real candidate. he is only saying what we all know. much crime comes from illegal immigrants. fact!"
thank you - michigan!
...so far, he has been a complete failure at doing so. he should read the art of the deal and use his energy to focus on a new career.
president obama put himself in a very bad position when he talked about syria crossing the red line. amazingly, now he denies he said that!
i very much appreciate all of the great reviews & comments on my speech in michigan--the people were great.
even the @nytimes and @washingtonpost editorial boards condemned justice ginsburg for her ethical and legal breach. what was she thinking?
i'm urging my friends in brooklyn to vote for bob turner tomorrow--send @barackobama a message.
. @wsj editorial says "clinton primary vote total is 8,646,p's is 7,533,692"-a knock. but she had only 3 opponents-i had ogize
creativity and control can go hand in hand. brainpower is the ultimate leverage.
obamacare will destroy small business--the backbone of america's economy.
did you agree with my decision?
business is easy. dealing with people is hard. if you are an entrepreneur, your most important job is to choose who works with you.
thank you marco, i agree!
do you agree with the client's decision?
mitt's proposed tax cuts for the middle class will spur record economic growth.
you know what is the worst part of @barackobama 's tuesday speech playing class warfare--we paid for it with our tax dollars.
no cuts to welfare, no cuts to food stamps & not a single cut to obamacare, yet the new budget cuts military benefits. sad!
"the ones who are crazy enough to think that they can change the world, are the ones who do." -- steve jobs
" @parker_votes : we finally have a voice with let’s do our part & vote in the r primary, 4    "
voting for @govgaryjohnson is voting for obama--don't waste your vote!
dave brubeck was great and will be missed!
i have been watching and loving the united states for many years and have never seen it look weaker or less effective!
@ghosttoast99 i do--and say hello to carson.
@stephanievald20 thanks & say hello to them--you sound great!
@alfiraazzahra great picture, say hello!
@wvcarsong okay, please say hello to her for me.
the republicans must face reality & create a strong & positive immigration policy--if not they will continue to lose elections.
snowden, if you’re such a hero then come back home and face justice. in reality, you are just another wiseguy traitor.
building a brand is like building a skyscraper-the foundation comes first. the bigger the building, the deeper the foundation needs to be
@mistdriscoll thanks, see you tomorrow.
entrepreneurs: apply your skills and talent, but above all, be tenacious. see yourself as victorious--which means never giving up.
why did @mittromney give his tax returns without demanding that obama release his college records & applications in return?
obama thinks he can just laugh off the fact that he refuses to release his records to the american public. he can't.
. @mittromney shouldn't give additional tax returns until @barackobama gives his passport records, college records & applications...
i think that both candidates, crooked hillary and myself, should release detailed medical records. i have no problem in doing so! hillary?
. @barackobama should release all his records (like other presidents)....
thank you south carolina!
thank you, south carolina!
thank you for the support, south carolina!
thank you for all of your support, south carolina!
south carolina and the audience were great - thanks!
i find the photos of these children killed in newtown in the new york post heartbreaking.
@dalhines thanks--they are good kids!
" @kpmck63 stay the course mr. trump! it's easier for others to attack you because you are saying the things that they won't.  "
president reagan put it best: "welfare's purpose should be to eliminate, as far as possible, the need for its own existence."
re: negotiation: view any conflict as an opportunity. be a diplomat as much as possible.
"welfare's purpose should be to eliminate, as far as possible, the need for its own existence." – pres. ronald reagan
snowden is a  a fraud!
many people have been asking me to answer questions. you can ask me questions at any time.
" @ron_fournier : president donald trump (just getting used to it)" wow, very nice!
have any questions? send them in.  /a
"@keemstarx: mexican criminals coming into usa? yes did trump say we need to stop them? yes did he say mexicans are good? yes racism? no"
@kleckhardt yes--it is great!
@lin0729 yes--he is a great guy!
@eawiii yes, and thanks.
@erolyalim thanks and yes.
my daughter, ivanka, will be representing me today at the opening of our campaign office in manchester, nh  !
thank you marco, i agree!
did you agree with my decision?
. @traceadkins says @joan_rivers is a gem. i agree. we all agree.
. @alexsalmond rt @islandbluenose you'll be doing us in scotland a great service if you win. good luck.
" @jacquelynileneh : rt @teamhealthnut: donald trump by mac miller will always be a hit." i agree!
on my way to cedar falls, iowa, now. will be great--i love the people of iowa!
new iowa poll. thank you!
great new poll iowa - thank you!
i'm leaving for iowa now - will be great!
just got back from iowa, great people!
if ted cruz is so opposed to gay marriage, why did he accept money from people who espouse gay marriage?
to all my fans, sorry i couldn’t do the apprentice any longer—but equal time (presidential run) prohibits me from doing so. love!
during primetime of the iowa caucus, cruz put out a release that @realbencarson was quitting the race, and to caucus (or vote) for cruz.
thank you for your support last night, iowa!
i am leaving for sioux city, iowa - great event (rally).
great rally in new mexico, amazing crowd! now in . big rally in anaheim.
why should we have any defense cuts in any deal? america must remain strong.
@kentoidi8 @billmaher yes, but we must act soon.
when it comes to violent crime, and if we are going to solve the problem, we must stop being so politically correct-must tell it like it is!
we must leave "stop and frisk" for a-rod and anthony weiner!
we cannot solve our problems with the same thinking we used when we created them. -- albert einstein
in business, you make decisions that are in your best interests. time for the us gov't to do the same. let’s make america great again!
forty -six million americans---more than at any time ever in the history of this country--now live under the poverty line.
trump will make america great!!!!
make america great again!
make america great again! make america safe again!
"know when to walk away from the table." the art of the deal
never ever quit, never give up  j. trump, the art of the deal.
resolve never to quit, never to give up, no matter what the situation. -- jack nicklaus
"never quit and always hit back" -- the art of the comeback
" @babyfuzz1969 : declare your candidacy! right time, right age, right mind w/common sense, right leadership    "
our country is totally split right now but someday it will come together!
becoming a us citizen is not a right, it’s a privilege.
@brandonarantes that's right, hard work it is. but worth it.
good news for those that want to make america great again - i am winning every poll in every state and national - and by big numbers! thanks
" @yang_karl : all scott pelley did by being disrespectful was make it easier to make up my mind who to vote for and that will be trump."
@leahnelbulos happy birthday leah
happy new year from  ! thank you to my great family for all of their support.
today is  . let us be thankful for our nation’s finest who fight at all corners of the earth to protect our freedoms.
goofy elizabeth warren lied when she says i want to abolish the federal minimum wage. see media—asking for increase!
@forq2 are you making less than minimum wage, don't worry, the government will protect you. afraid to give your real name? you should be.
if @barackobama had to use the same labor participation he had when he entered office then the unemployment number would be 11.2%
if the people so violently shot down in paris had guns, at least they would have had a fighting chance.
i would have had many millions of votes more than crooked hillary clinton except for the fact that i had 16 opponents, she had one!
"@bossytxmar55:  will win! he's counting on all supporters to vote then "we" celebrate with tailgate style parties!
make sure to vote today. vote for real change. change that will deliver jobs and a free & strong america. vote for @mittromney .
... a great person inspires others to see for themselves. – harvey mackay
. @dannyzuker don't lie, @apprenticenbc was  in all major demos at 10. do not lie!
the obamacare website still is not complete. $5 billion and no progress. scary and sad!
re lance armstrong—not only was it a big lie but a big lie that lasted too long!
" @carrillo_pete :  america great again. we need a outsider to bring class and discernment back to our nation. we need  "
is that all there is? we need a new president - fast!
we have got to take our country back. it's time!
we need much tougher, much smarter leadership - and we need it now!
" @e1e5672d96c747c :mr. trump,we need you in office,we need you to direct your famous quote to all who have jeopardize our country,your fired!
the super committee is finding ways to raise all our taxes without admitting it. the republicans made a big mistake agreeing to this deal.
happy new year everyone...it will be an interesting one!
this will be one of the biggest and most beautiful miss universe events ever.
give your goals substance. imbue them with a value that exceeds the monetary. make them count on as many levels as you can.
give your goals substance -- make them count on as many levels as you can. remember that passion can be the catalyst for great achievement.
whether you like it or not, bush also gave us obama!
things happen that make you question whether you should keep going. as long as you are enjoying what you are doing, keep going.
it's not whether you get knocked down, it's whether you get up. -- vince lombardi
it's the democrats' total weakness & incompetence that gave rise to isis -- not a tape of donald trump that was an admitted hillary lie!
re lance armstrong—not only was it a big lie but a big lie that lasted too long!
. @dannyzuker don't lie, @apprenticenbc was  in all major demos at 10. do not lie!
i am a republican...but the republicans may be the worst negotiators in history!
the @fbipressoffice , police & others are doing an amazing job. how genius was it putting together that tape?
how many more times do we all have to watch and pay for that stupid and never ending  commercial. how much is govt. spending?
i hope all of the many thousands of people who are asking me to give up so much and run for president will fight hard for victory if i do!
how many more billions of dollars will @barackobama continue to waste in these solar companies?
look how bad it is getting! how much more crime, how many more shootings, will it take for african-americans and latinos to vote trump=safe!
why do we continue to sit idly by while china steals our national security and corporate secrets? china is an enemy, not a friend.
thank you for your support!
great new poll numbers! thank you for your support!
brand new selection of trump signature collection shirts and ties @macys . go check them out.
i am now going to the brand new trump international, hotel . for a major statement.
thank you for all of your support! let's  !
i am not only fighting crooked hillary, i am fighting the dishonest and corrupt media and her government protection process. people get it!
why are we fighting for the "rebels" that hate us-only to save face for obama!
getting ready for @nbcsnl commercial.
jeb is fighting to defend a catastrophic event. i am fighting to make sure it doesn't happen  is too soft-we need tougher & sharper
" @p01yn0nym0u55 : @jamandatrtl   insist  starts in utero or genetic, but parents insist sudden onset after  "
" @debrarakestraw : you have over 2m followers more than than @hillaryclinton . this says something about how america feels.  "
taking risks & making mistakes is the best way to learn something new. most of the time you will surprise yourself  never give up
to be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment. -- ralph waldo emerson
to be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment.-- ralph waldo emerson
“don’t be afraid of mistakes. they can be learning tools on the way to building something great for yourself.” think like a champion
@rattiackackack creating jobs for one thing.
i am the only one that knows how to build cities - pols are all talk and no action. our cities need help, and fast. they are crumbling!
wisconsin's economy is doing poorly and like everywhere else in ., jobs are leaving. i will make our economy strong again - bring in jobs
when i broadly proclaimed mitt “choked” – and would do it again—everybody said yeah, he’s right.
america needs a tough negotiator---not a community organizer.
all those politicians in washington and not one good negotiator.
thank you america! together- we will  !
thank you america! together, we will all  !
thank you! together we will  !
together, we will make america safe and great again!
thank you new hampshire! together we will make america great again!
make no mistake, obamacare is the first step towards changing our health system into single payer. just a disaster.
congratulations to michelle and barack obama on their 20th anniversary.
how did you like michelle obama’s bangs last night?
good move by bernie s.
@joequinn6 . thanks joe.
@josephbynature good luck joe!
"failed show @dannyzuker " season 1 of @apprenticenbc had 28 million viewers and 41.5 million watching.....
the worst thing hillary could do is have her husband campaign for her. just watch.
alison grimes will protect the 'sanctity' of her obama ballot yet admits she voted for hillary in primary. hypocrite. vote @team_mitch !
a vote for @ronpaul is a totally wasted vote. if he wins iowa---bad for iowa's credibility.
pennsylvania: cast your vote for trump for potus & also vote for the trump delegates in your congressional district!
i hope voters in mississippi cast their ballot for @senatormcdaniel . he is strong, he is smart & he wants things to change in washington.
“ @omarosa is a bit toxic” per @brandenroderick . being a bit pc?
i don't like the opening even a little bit!
@hantas88 not even a little bit--thanks.
@kayjaybutton yeah, blame me moron!
just leaving salt lake city, utah- fantastic crowd with no interruptions. love utah- will be back!
thank you idaho! i love your potatoes- nobody grows them better. as president, i will protect your market.
obama lied to the public about the al qaeda attack on our consulate in libya. he should be held accountable.
when will anyone be held accountable for the va scandal? the politicians are experts in never facing any consequence.
looking forward to touring the @sigsauerinc world headquarters tomorrow! one of the top gun manufacturers in the us!
why was @barackobama selling guns to mexican drug dealers?
“i’ve found that people work harder when they are held accountable, and their confidence rises along with that.” – midas touch
to the brave men and women, past and present, in our armed services- best wishes on veterans day.
the media is so after me on women wow, this is a tough business. nobody has more respect for women than donald trump!
in less than 30 minutes- watch the season premiere of @apprenticenbc on nbc.
"i have so much admiration and respect for the 2.4 million men and women of our armed forces."
obama just said @mittromney was "a very successful investor"--- big mistake for obama to admit- he has less and less credibility.
congratulations to the rolling stones on marking their 50th anniversary in london.
voting for @govgaryjohnson is voting for obama--don't waste your vote!
be sure to enjoy the ‘50th anniversary chicago international film festival’ at @trumpchicago , the windy city’s top hotel!
tomorrow is the 10 year anniversary of the apprentice, one of the biggest hits in television history. how time flies!
make sure to verify the voting machine does not switch your vote. if you have any problems, notify the poll workers.
...that it was hard not to end up rooting for trump..."
thank you! vote in 2016!
"@jollygoodman181: vote trump for president 2016 americans last hope donald trump... let's take our country back. vote for the "don" 2016"
pennsylvania: cast your vote for trump for potus & also vote for the trump delegates in your congressional district!
" @_bri : this is the first election i'll be able to vote, and my vote goes to trump because i want to live in a great country!  "
make sure to vote today. vote for real change. change that will deliver jobs and a free & strong america. vote for @mittromney .
the oscars were a great night for mexico & why not—they are ripping off the us more than almost any other nation.
i am lowering taxes far more than any other candidate. any negotiated increase by congress to my proposal would still be lower than current!
our economy is in trouble. the unemployed are more likely to drop out of the workforce than find a job. we need growth-- and now!
why are we fighting for the "rebels" that hate us-only to save face for obama!
i am not only fighting crooked hillary, i am fighting the dishonest and corrupt media and her government protection process. people get it!
jeb is fighting to defend a catastrophic event. i am fighting to make sure it doesn't happen  is too soft-we need tougher & sharper
crooked hillary has been fighting isis, or whatever she has been doing, for years. now she has new ideas. it is time for change.
thank you for all of your support! let's  !
to entrepreneurs: watching you could be the motivation for your employees, so make it an example that will best serve your success.
@grantgphoto my best wishes.
my best wishes to everyone for a happy thanksgiving!
@smalltwnbignews kate--all my best wishes to you.
“winning takes talent, to repeat takes character.” - john wooden
it takes "guts" to win!
i'm urging my friends in brooklyn to vote for bob turner tomorrow--send @barackobama a message.
sorry, there is no star on the stage tonight!
the stage is set for the real debate--it will be very interesting!
“if you want to be the best, you’d better be the best – in all aspects of business.” - think like a billionaire
“if you want the best, you’d better be the best – in all aspects of business.” – think like a billionaire
"if you're going to think--think big" --- the art of the deal
“compete with yourself to be the best you can be.” – think like a champion
job tip: if you were the employer, what kind of person would you most desire as an employee? be that person.
@mittromney has won the most delegates, received the most votes and won the most states. the primary is over. time to defeat @barackobama .
i have clearly stated that if the new york state republican party is able to unify, i would run for governor and win. they can't unify -sad!
go out and vote--- this will be the most important election of our time!
who would you most like to see win  ?
isn't it a shame that the person who will have by far the most delegates and many millions more votes than anyone else, me, still must fight
thank you new hampshire!
thank you, new hampshire!
. @megynkelly sorry, there was only one "breakout star" this weekend in new hampshire. just check out the local new hampshire media!
new hampshire vote today - make america great again!
new hampshire is a critical state for both candidates this year. i got to know new hampshire and love it.
great meeting with @thehermancain yesterday in trump tower. great guy!
what is he reading?
we all know that chess is a game of strategy. so is business. think about that and develop a strategy starting today.
with 50 days until the election, it is  for @mittromney & @gop
trump university has a 98% approval rating. i could have settled but won't out of principle!
only 36 days until the election. @mittromney needs to stay on offense. make obama's terrible record the issue.
lightweight schneiderman's suit was filed on a saturday (unheard of) against a school with a 98% approval rating right after obama meeting.
according to bill o'reilly, 80% of all the shootings in new york city are blacks-if you add hispanics, that figure goes to 98%. 1% white.
obama care is already having a devastating impact on our economy.
republicans gave obama a free pass to the white house -- they just don't get it.
keep lightweight marco and his friends out of the white house.
if the wall street protesters are upset about the economy then they should really be protesting @barackobama at the white house.
"@alexbrochesmtv: want to see real change america? get donald in the white house and see a true american businessman fix this economy!!!!
president obama is the best thing that ever happened to jimmy carter!
poll - thank you!
can you believe that,with all of the problems and difficulties facing the ., president obama spent the day playing e than carter
former president jimmy carter is so happy that he is no longer considered the worst president in the history of the united states!
new  . thank you america!
“dem candidates are all folks who vote with me.” – barack obama describing all democrat senate candidates
i never want someone working for me who doesn’t want to be there--and in the same way, you shouldn’t want to be there, either.
barack obama is not who you think he is. most overrated politician in us history.
my good friends in connecticut have a great opportunity to send an amazing businesswoman to washington. vote for @linda_mcmahon for senate!
how did obama go to a las vegas fundraiser on 9.12, the day after he refused to send help to americans in benghazi?
"the democrats' solution is the same solution they have for everything--tax, tax, tax. just one problem: it doesn't work"
still waiting for a response from @billmaher . does he even have $5 million?
what's more important for the american public to have? @mittromney 's tax returns or @barackobama 's sealed records?
the stage is set for the real debate--it will be very interesting!
today @barackobama is in ohio on a bus tour. tomorrow pennsylvania. how about actually running the country?
michele bachmann got less than 1,200 more votes in the caucus than she did in the ames straw poll. very sad for her--a nice woman!
with christmas less than a week away, a great gift for a friend or loved one is  . it will be the best present you give!
...while her charity is getting less than 5 cents per donated dollar. she should be ashamed!
during primetime of the iowa caucus, cruz put out a release that @realbencarson was quitting the race, and to caucus (or vote) for cruz.
just got back from iowa, great people!
so many great endorsements yesterday, except for paul ryan! we must put america first and make america great again!
i do not understand how so many of my jewish friends backed obama in the last election. he is a total disaster for israel-and always will be
" @jenniferjjacobs : trump says he was establishment. "i backed mccain he lost. i backed romney he lost. this time i'm doing it myself.
she is so sad and pathetic that i almost feel sorry for lius. she has done great harm to many people and must be fired. incompetent!
@ochughes true, not much gets done that way.
please tell me what is going on with the republicans?
" @sfc17972 : hearing you is a great way to start the week! country needs true  to see your name on the ballot!!" @foxandfriends
congress must pass a budget and hold obama to it. no more continuing resolutions and no more excuses. republicans soon hold both houses.
are the republicans going to blow their chance to take the senate? must focus on obamacare and amnesty.
great rally in new mexico, amazing crowd! now in . big rally in anaheim.
i will be in south carolina all week. saturday is big, big, big! get out and vote - make america great again
heading to colorado for a big rally. massive crowd, great people! will be there soon - the polls are looking good.
“hook your career to a big trend. there are huge opportunities for profits if you can create big solutions.” – think big
i am leaving for norfolk, virginia - the great battleship . wisconsin - for a big rally and really big crowd. see you soon!
this was sent out from ted cruz- as iowans arrived at their caucus sites to vote.
we will bring america together as one country again – united as americans in common purpose and common dreams.
republicans and democrats must come together now to make america great again!
"experience is not what happens to you; it's what you do with what happens to you." -- aldous huxley
“simply take a big goal and mold yourself to become the person who can accomplish that goal.” – think big
remember, go vote--we need real change this time.
make america great again!
make america great again! make america safe again!
thank you! we will make america great again!
we have to make america great again!
trump will make america great!!!!
thank you to all of the men and women who have served our country. you are our true heroes!
... also, if they’re at home who the hell knows what they’re doing (a second job maybe).
china is not our friend. they are not our ally. they want to overtake us, and if we don’t get smart and tough soon, they will.
"i have so much admiration and respect for the 2.4 million men and women of our armed forces."
84% of us troops wounded & 70% of our brave men & women killed in afghanistan have all come under obama. time to get out of there.
the more you know, the more you realize how much you don't know. how can you possibly discover anything if you already know everything?
the most stringent gun laws in the . happen to be in chicago - and look what is happening there!
fact – the tighter the gun laws, the more violence. the criminals will always have guns.
“how much money can you stand to lose? that’s how much risk you should assume.” – think like a billionaire
congress should be worried about american workers not people who came into our country by breaking our laws.
" @dcfoodsafety : mr. trump you're the candidate that we have been waiting for you tell it real and you will get it done you have my vote!"
"if you love what you do, you are going to work harder, you are going to try harder and you will be better at it." - think big
" @b_thornton66 : if you were to run for president, you'd have my vote! you're what this country needs!   "
entrepreneurs: pay attention to details. if you don’t know everything about what you’re doing, you'll be in for some big surprises.
"@toledosnow: you should run for president mr. trump! you're a great man and i would love to see what you could do for the united states!"
more poll results from last nights commander-in-chief forum.
final poll results from nbc on last nights commander-in-chief forum. thank you!
“think of yourself as a one-man army. you’re not only the commander in chief, you’re the soldier as well.” – think like a billionaire
"think of yourself like a one-man army. you're not only the commander in chief, you're the soldier as well." – think like a billionaire
there's only only one person who has defunded medicare. his name is @barackobama .
" @nectarusafsm : @kyleraccio i want donald trump to be president. he knows business and people. he needs to be in the oval office, now."
obama is community organizing from the oval office on ferguson today. more riots sure to follow.
the podium in the oval office looks odd! not good, but the words will be the key.
" @woodrowwinters nothing would make me prouder than to see mr. trump in the oval office. business would get done." thanks and true.
" @ricd384 : the united states of america needs a real man in the oval office. mr. donald trump, america is ready for you. lets do it'"
the final five—this has been a fight—and i think the fight will continue…
this story is no longer about john mccain, it’s about our horribly treated vets. illegals are treated better than our wonderful veterans.
this is a great time for @ricksantorum to bow out with dignity.
obama just stated "it's always good to ignore donald trump." i state he is right, especially when the truth is against him.
thank you for all of your support! most importantly - we need to get everyone out to vote!
“get to know  can’t improve upon something you don’t  more you ask, the better you'll know.” vince lombardi
thank you south carolina! everyone get out and vote tomorrow! we will  !
still time to get out and vote!
everyone is starting to feel the new tax hikes. you get what you vote for!
we need a president with strength, stamina, heart and incredible deal making skill if our country is ever going to be able to prosper again!
@originalkillaki it's very good, you can learn a lot.
for great success, you need passion, but make sure it's well directed. learn everything you can about what you're doing. be an expert.
"just be tough, be strong, be willing to learn – and you will learn. don’t be afraid of mistakes or setbacks." think like a champion
be passionate--you have to love what you're doing to be successful at it.
melania and i extend our warmest greetings to those observing rosh hashanah here in the united states, in israel, and around the world.
happy new year to all of my jewish friends and supporters. shana tova. hopefully it will be a great year!
can you imagine if @barackobama had passed cap and trade?! energy costs would be double from already record highs.
when i say i would end obamacare, i would also come up with a plan that would be far better, much easier to understand, and cost less!
stop congratulating obama for killing bin laden. the navy seals killed bin laden.
mitt romney must start congratulating the navy seals and military on bin laden’s killing, not the president.
why don't we ask the navy seals who killed bin laden? they don't seem to be happy with obama claiming credit. all he did is say .
last night was the first time obama said "we" instead of "i" in respect to bin laden's killing.
when the military informed obama that they had bin laden, is there anyone with a brain that would not have said "ok, go get him"?
“do what you can, with what you have, where you are.” - theodore roosevelt
it takes "guts" to win!
believe you can and you're halfway there. -- theodore roosevelt
wishing everyone a happy, healthy and prosperous new year!
i don't want to be the only billionaire in america---i want all americans to be rich.
a wonderful afternoon in iowa! great people! heading now to florida - tomorrow, south carolina!
" @_bri : this is the first election i'll be able to vote, and my vote goes to trump because i want to live in a great country!  "
i never want someone working for me who doesn’t want to be there--and in the same way, you shouldn’t want to be there, either.
i will be in maryland this afternoon for a major rally. things are looking good for tuesday!
" @scott23youmans : if you run, i will vote for you. if you don't, shame on you. be cool!
just shows that you can have all the cards and lose if you don’t know what you’re doing.
"if you love what you do, you are going to work harder, you are going to try harder and you will be better at it." - think big
@anthonynotweet make sure you are doing what you love to do. you need passion to keep you going.
“if you don't have time to do it right, when will you have time to do it over?” - john wooden
this is a movement!
want jobs? slash corporate tax rate. tax incentives for companies that create jobs in us. america will boom.
real unemployment is 20%. we must simplify the tax code and start making our own products again to bring our jobs back from overseas.
i will be in wisconsin until the election. jobs, trade and immigration will be big factors. i will bring jobs back home - make great deals!
" @dmxxx_ : haha i think it's cute how my sister likes donald trump " tell your sister i think she's great!
" @ricd384 : the united states of america needs a real man in the oval office. mr. donald trump, america is ready for you. lets do it'"
" @nectarusafsm : @kyleraccio i want donald trump to be president. he knows business and people. he needs to be in the oval office, now."
the podium in the oval office looks odd! not good, but the words will be the key.
obama is community organizing from the oval office on ferguson today. more riots sure to follow.
" @woodrowwinters nothing would make me prouder than to see mr. trump in the oval office. business would get done." thanks and true.
remember, obama limped across the finish line--he should have lost to hillary. be careful!
six hours left to  connecticut!
republicans gave obama a free pass to the white house -- they just don't get it.
there can never be a sharp economic recovery until @barackobama is out of the white house.
don't let them build a wind turbine in your backyard (or near your house). it will destroy your property value.
he @ricksantorum should get out of the race so republicans can focus on @barackobama .
i am on @foxandfriends now! tune in!
john kasich, despite being governor of ohio, is losing to me in the ohio polls. pathetic!
ohio ch voted for nafta, from which ohio has never recovered. now he wants tpp, which will be even worse. ohio steel and coal dying!
@joebiden ’s unannounced visit to cleveland shows ohio is trending for @mittromney . come on tea party – i know you can deliver it today!
great being in cincinnati, ohio last night- thank you! off to washington . now.
which team is your favorite?
very sad what happened last night at the miss universe pageant. i sold it 6 months ago for a record price. this would never have happened!
i hate what has happened to the once great @cnn .
the yankees are absolutely terrible--- what happened to this team?
has pres. obama or the white house told the public what happened in algeria yet? where’s the media?
it’s snowing & freezing in nyc. what the hell ever happened to global warming?
sleepy eyes @chucktodd owes @jack_welch an apology. jack is right on unemployment--the new jobless claims make 7.8% an impossibility.
"don't go around saying the world owes you a living. the world owes you nothing. it was here first. " -- mark twain
john mccain called thousands of people "crazies" when they came to seek help on illegal immigration last week in phoenix. he owes apology!
the $10 billion (net worth) is after all debt and liabilities. so simple to understand but @cnn & @cnnpolitics is just plain dumb!
. @foxnews owes me an apology for allowing clueless pundit @richlowry to use such foul language on tv. unheard of!
crooked hillary clinton wants completely open borders. millions of democrats will run from her over this and support me.
is the boston killer eligible for obama care to bring him back to health?
remember, china is not a friend of the united states!
don't worry, the united states will be great again!
in a little reported event, china has just overtaken the united states as the number one world economic power! great going washington!
the united states must immediately institute strong travel restrictions or ebola will be all over the united states-a plague like no other!
the world as we know it is falling apart. much of the blame can be attributed to the fact that the united states is no longer respected!
i will be meeting with the nra, who has endorsed me, about not allowing people on the terrorist watch list, or the no fly list, to buy guns.
crooked hillary has been fighting isis, or whatever she has been doing, for years. now she has new ideas. it is time for change.
the time magazine list of the 100 most influential people is a joke and stunt of a magazine that will, like newsweek,soon be dead. bad list!
crooked hillary called it totally wrong on brexit - she went with obama - and now she is saying we need her to lead. she would be a disaster
my list of potential . supreme court justices was very well recieved. during the next number of weeks i may be adding to the list!
i will be interviewed on @meetthepress this morning. enjoy!
tune in for  on @squawkcnbc tomorrow morning.
i will be on @meetthepress in an interview with @chucktodd on sunday morning. so much to talk about!
i will be on @meetthepress this morning at various times across the . @nbcnews enjoy!
monday morning 7:30 am i'll be on @foxandfriends . tune in!
thank you- new york! i love you!
thank you new york! i love you!
thank you new york, and pennsylvania!
new hampshire vote today - make america great again!
it’s freezing in new york—where the hell is global warming?
re-build the es not places that hate our country and everything we stand for!
i hope all of the many thousands of people who are asking me to give up so much and run for president will fight hard for victory if i do!
i have a dream that our country will be great again!
so many major problems for the ., and no answers by our leaders. when will it all change? many of our difficulties are so easy to solve!
"what you dream about is what you do. if you cannot even dream of doing big things, you will never do anything big."--think big
after foolishly spending two trillion $'s and losing so many great young people, the . will be the only one who won't get the oil in iraq
i wonder when we will be able to see @barackobama 's college and law school applications and transcripts. why the long wait?
wapo attack on alleged high school incidents by @mittromney is a hit job to me. where are @barackobama 's high school and college records?
the electoral college is a disaster for a democracy.
make america great again!
anyway, i’m all about jobs & the economy & making america great again. we’re falling fast!
the unemployment numbers released later this week will show no job growth. we must start making our own products again.  .
make america great again! make america safe again!
we are building china's wealth by buying all their products, even though we make better products in america.
vision remains vision until you focus, do the work, and bring it down to earth where it will do some good.
entrepreneurs: vision remains vision until you focus, do the work, and bring it down to earth where it will do some good.
in order to get elected, @barackobama will start a war with iran.
i never want someone working for me who doesn’t want to be there--and in the same way, you shouldn’t want to be there, either.
i don't want to be the only billionaire in america---i want all americans to be rich.
" @waite_lane :if you don't want trump as president, then you don't want what your great grandfather fought so hard for
“after every setback, start thinking big as soon as possible.” - think big
what is never said is that people take a big risk with their money and can lose it all. we should be given credit for taking this risk.
how can crooked hillary say she cares about women when she is silent on radical islam, which horribly oppresses women?
the media is so after me on women wow, this is a tough business. nobody has more respect for women than donald trump!
it’s tuesday. how many jobs has obamacare cost the economy today?
" @glendabelle_11 : @foxnews fox has become a supporter of liberals!they are not supporting the gop candidates-especially trump! quit watching
what is he reading?
entrepreneurs: see each day as an opportunity to show what you can do at the highest level.
it is only the people that were never asked to be vp that tell the press that they will not take the position.
have your own vision & stick with it. don't be afraid to be y day is an opportunity to show what you can do at the highest level.
entrepreneurs: see each day as an opportunity to show what you can do at the highest level. take responsibility for yourself!
our country is blowing up and @barackobama is out campaigning.
" @oldmanconroy : it's called "climate change". no, they changed it to "climate change" when "global warming" wasn't working anymore-too cold!
hillary clinton’s open borders are tearing american families apart. i am going to make our country safe again for all americans.
the world is falling apart around us, but we don't have people who know how to play the game. the . is in big trouble - no leadership!
the world as we know it is falling apart. much of the blame can be attributed to the fact that the united states is no longer respected!
re: immigration. do the republicans not realize that dems will get 100% of 11 million votes no matter what they do?
john mccain couldn’t get him to release “it” and neither could hillary clinton—but donald did!
will miss @realbencarson tonight at the  . i hope all of ben's followers will join the  . we will never forget.
"@jak00seven: if you like how @hillaryclinton handled  , then you'll just her as commander-in-chief  "
thank you- new york! i love you!
thank you new york! i love you!
i love you arizona! thank you!
thank you arizona- i love you!
"results are what matter. the bottom line is clearly the bottom line." --think like a champion
people are loving the new line of trump ties and shirts at macy's. check them out!
just saw my new line of shirts, ties & suits @macys -- they are fantastic! would make great holiday presents!
trump will make america great!!!!
" @jimlibertarian @grantrobertb @michaelcohen212 you're damn right we want the truth,we've been lied to 4 years and we've had it.  "
we need a president who isn't a laughing stock to the entire world. we need a truly great leader, a genius at strategy and winning. respect!
we need much tougher, much smarter leadership - and we need it now!
just made the point at  that "we have to protect our border & i think everyone here knows, nobody can build a wall like trump!"
i am the best builder, just look at what i've built. hillary can't build. republican candidates can't build. they don't have a clue!
more poll results from last nights commander-in-chief forum.
final poll results from nbc on last nights commander-in-chief forum. thank you!
crooked hillary clinton is totally unfit to be our president-really bad judgement and a temperament, according to new book, which is a mess!
" @rketeltas : rubio isn't experienced enough to be commander in chief. rubio is a carbon copy of obama. we need a true leader vote trump"
thank you to our fantastic veterans. the reviews and polls from almost everyone of my commander-in-chief presentation were great. nice!
leaving soon after a great time in new hampshire, a truly special place!
. @brandenroderick i was pleased to see the wonderful statements you made about me to the 'm not surprised, you're a special person
i'm leaving for iowa now - will be great!
great that pres. o is seeing @mittromney today—lots of good things can happen.
if bernie sanders, after seeing the just released e-mails, continues to look exhausted and done, then his legacy will never be the same.
“a failure or setback is not a defeat. defeat is a state of mind. you are defeated only when you accept defeat.” – think big
i didn't suggest a database-a reporter did. we must defeat islamic terrorism & have surveillance, including a watch list, to protect america
hillary's wars in the middle east have unleashed destruction, terrorism and isis across the world.
obama:“i will destroy isis” = obama: “if you like your healthcare plan, you can keep your plan.”
if you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing, you're right. -- henry ford
"whether you think you can or think you can't--you're right." henry ford
whether you think you can or think you can't, you're right. -- henry ford
more poll results from last nights commander-in-chief forum.
president obama is under pressure from democrats to undo his lie on obamacare. his problem is that such a move would end obamacare.
interesting how president obama so haltingly said i "would never be president" - this from perhaps the worst president in . history!
why can't the media tell the truth - we would all be so much better off!
" @123jayne : that's our president! that's why we need you to run in 2016! i know you would never waste our money! president trump"
president obama will go down as perhaps the worst president in the history of the united states!
thank you for your support!
thank you for all of your support! let's  !
thank you for having me this morning @americanlegion . i enjoyed my time with everyone!
no matter what bill clinton says and no matter how well he says it, the phony media will exclaim it to be incredible. highly overrated!
looks like @omarosa is up to the challenge.
for america to be great again we must have a president who has been successful and americans can learn from on how to succeed.
very few people read the national review because it only knows how to criticize, but not how to lead.
proud to see my friend governor chris christie standing up for israel on his visit. standing tall!
actually i was very nice to jimmy carter during my standing room only (& standing ovation) speech for cpac - stated better pres. than obama!
"there are many ways of going forward, but only one way of standing still." -- pres. franklin d. roosevelt
with hillary and obama, the terrorist attacks will only get worse. politically correct fools, won't even call it what it is - radical islam!
i always enjoy speaking to young aspiring entrepreneurs. they are hungry, motivated and eager to learn. proves america can still be great.
“get in. get it done. get it done right. get out.” – my father, fred c. trump
“get in. get it done. get it done right. get out.” – fred c. trump (my father!)
the majority of americans agree with @mittromney 's comments on @israel and iran.
. @cnn is the  go to their dumb, one-sided panels when a podium speaker is for trump! vast majority want: make america great again!
my father's 4 step formula for success: "get in, get it done, get it done right, and get out." -- fred c. trump
. @dannyzuker i'm in front of the camera and behind the camera- just looked at your picture, you'll never be in front of the camera!
the lights went out in new orleans...the country's lights went out also. we are not the same place!
we are building china's wealth by buying all their products, even though we make better products in america.
i will bring our jobs back to the ., and keep our companies from leaving. nobody else can do it. our economy will "sing" again.
@dalhines thanks--they are good kids!
“most of the time you will need to work hard and stay focused to get to the top – and then work even harder to stay there.” -think big
looks like a very good world series game!
the media is so dishonest. if i make a statement, they twist it and turn it to make it sound bad or  think the public is stupid!
i will be speaking monday, september 24, (10 .) at liberty university, to a record setting student body. i look forward to it!
getting ready to go to the great state of michigan. big crowd tonight. make america great again!
@yesterdaybyurs take the time to make it great.
" @1simranjitsingh : i am a student myself. i cannot believe that obama, has doubled the interest rate on student loans. trump for president!"
big storm in new hampshire. moved my event to monday. will be there next four days.
i will be speaking at the nra event today in nashville. many friends will be there.
first there was the declaration of independence, then there was the constitution. now there is  . available today.
it has just been confirmed by the city of mobile, alabama, that there were 30,000 people at last nights event, making it  pol season.
the worst thing hillary could do is have her husband campaign for her. just watch.
i am really happy that hillary made her speech right under trump world tower!
thank you to everyone for all of the nice comments, by twitter, pundits and otherwise for my speech last night.
congratulations to @anndromney on delivering a knock out speech last night. america can't wait to call her our first lady.
like her or not, hillary did what she had to do in the debate last night—get through it. her opponents were very gentle and soft!
. @rupertmurdoch is absolutely right, it will be a nightmare for @israel if obama is re-elected.
"i said don't invade iraq from the very beginning." - my @srqrepublicans speech
a regular part of your day should be devoted to expanding your horizons. learning is a new beginning.
@jayknowles1978 just the beginning!
the roll call is beginning at the republican national convention. very exciting!
like other presidents have.
"@graeme123s i have that many trump books at my desk he may as well be next to me telling me i have what it takes" thanks
all recent presidents have released their transcripts. what is @barackobama hiding?
getting ready to watch the debate--- as they say "let's get ready to rumble"!
"the secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes." --benjamin disraeli
"you have to love what you do or you are never going to be successful no matter what you do in life." - think big
"you have to love what you do or you are never going to be successful no matter what you do in life.” - think big
“you have to keep going and moving forward, no matter what is happening around you or to you.” – think like a champion
@anthonynotweet make sure you are doing what you love to do. you need passion to keep you going.
“do what you can, with what you have, where you are.” - theodore roosevelt
i am "the king of debt."that has been great for me as a businessman, but is bad for the country. i made a fortune off of debt, will fix .
“if we get tough and make the hard choices, we can make america a rich nation—and respected—once again.” – time to get tough
@bahia6085 @billmaher thanks--stay tuned.
@alikilmartin . stay tuned!
@robblapp no--but stay tuned!
@cjohnson623 @billmaher stay tuned!
@bill6666 @billmaher stay tuned!
such great support in new hampshire. so many people are working so hard to  !
he is working hard and for that he must be given credit!
so great to have the endorsement and support of paul ryan. we will both be working very hard to make america great again!
i never want someone working for me who doesn’t want to be there--and in the same way, you shouldn’t want to be there, either.
“luck does not come around often. so when it does, be sure to take full advantage of it, even if it means working hard." think big
it is fatal to enter any war without the will to win it. - douglas macarthur
remember, oftentimes the best deal you make is the deal you don't make!
the difference between @mittromney and @barackobama 's campaign promises to @israel is that mitt will actually keep all of his.
trump will make america great!!!!
make america great again!
thank you @billkristol . i am going to make america great again!
thank you to all of the men and women who have served our country. you are our true heroes!
happy veterans day. to those who have served, thank you for your special work.
thanks for all of the accolades on my speech today - it's all about the truth!
honor memorial day by thinking of and respecting all of the great men and women that gave their lives for us and our country! we love them.
the great people of new hampshire, who i love, are not properly served by the dying union leader newspaper.
. @marcorubio is weak on illegal immigration and will allow anyone into the country.....
@marcorubio 's endorsement of @mittromney shows that the gop is coalescing to defeat @barackobama .
. @barackobama 's college application would be very very very very interesting!
"what you dream about is what you do. if you cannot even dream of doing big things, you will never do anything big."--think big
“what you dream about is what you will do. if you cannot even dream of doing big things, you will never do anything big in life.”- think big
"@fsdiva06: santa...all i want for christmas.  kids to be healthy  pay off all our debt be debt free 3. donaldtrump become president
republicans remember—debt ceiling, debt ceiling, debt ceiling—be smart and you will win!
i am "the king of debt."that has been great for me as a businessman, but is bad for the country. i made a fortune off of debt, will fix .
@barackobama inherited $10.6 trillion in national debt---will leave after his first term with the debt at over $17.6 trillion.
america has lost its aaa rating and gained over $6t in debt under @barackobama and now he wants to raise the debt ceiling--scary!
it's not whether you get knocked down, it's whether you get up. -- vince lombardi
things happen that make you question whether you should keep going. as long as you are enjoying what you are doing, keep going.
@jedediahbila tell your aunt she is terrific!
thank you to @foxandfriends for the nice reviews of last night.
. @nbc did a great job last night with the @goldenglobes !
" @katrinapierson :    " katrina, great job on @foxnews last night!
wow, the ratings for @60minutes last night were their biggest in a year--- very nice!
glad to hear @barackobama 's attack ad featuring my plane is playing in north carolina. free ad time for trump national in charlotte!
the veterans administration is in shambles and our veterans are suffering greatly. john mccain has done nothing to help them but talk.
i'll be on @foxandfriends this morning at 7:00. so much to talk about!
the veterans of our country have been treated like third class citizens for many years...
" @rhettriley1234 : trump only wins with our votes. we must grow trump nation and do our part. vote. this is our time.
have time to waste? go to the obamacare website.
“if you don't have time to do it right, when will you have time to do it over?” - john wooden
another great cause obama could send my $5m donation to is a charity for 9/11 first responders. they are american heroes.
why are some more concerned with granting terrorist rights than protecting innocent americans?
adversity is a fact of life. be bigger than the problems, be ready to fight for your rights, & all will be well – trump never give up
. @oreillyfactor the people of iowa love the fact that i stuck up for my rights, as i will do for the . also got $6,000,000 for our vets!
...it's called intellectual property rights, something they know nothing about.
will barack obama personally read the boston terrorist his miranda rights?
our country is totally divided and our enemies are watching. we are not looking good, we are not looking smart, we are not looking tough!
the only people who are not interested in being the . pick are the people who have not been asked!
"@ray_chipendo: we are able to do certain things only because we do not know they are impossible. donald trump"
"the measure of who we are is what we do with what we have." --vince lombardi
" @taynishagray : so yeah the first vote i will ever cast for president will be donald trump bc who can really argue with donald trump?"
it’s thursday. which brand of eyeliner is the nation’s worst ag @agschneiderman wearing today?
egypt is going the exact opposite of what it was. they will soon be very strongly against israel. thanks, president obama. @barackobama
resolve to be bigger than your problems. who’s the boss? realize that fear is the exact opposite of faith.
entrepreneurs: realize that fear is the exact opposite of faith. resolve to be bigger than your problems. who's the boss?
if the decision by the grand jury in ferguson was the exact opposite, you would still be having the riots right now!
the veterans administration is in shambles and our veterans are suffering greatly. john mccain has done nothing to help them but talk.
thank you new hampshire!
thank you, new hampshire!
"you never know when the tide is going to turn in your favor. it's important to never give up on yourself." -- think like a champion
i would like to wish everyone a happy and healthy new year. we must all work together to, finally, make america safe again and great again!
together, we will make america safe and great again!
the situations in tulsa and charlotte are tragic. we must come together to make america safe again.
thank you washington! together, we will make america safe and great again!
thanks to everyone for your kind birthday wishes -- very nice!
my best wishes to everyone for a happy thanksgiving!
@ilevitan . number one rated hotel in toronto--and getting even better! best wishes.
" @dm1one : not feeling well today, but i must take the time 4  &   great season!
@nathalies_29 nathalie--thanks and best wishes.
yet another weak hit by a candidate with a failing campaign. will jeb sink as low in the polls as the others who have gone after me?
it would be nice if our commander-in-chief was as concerned for our veterans health as he is for illegal immigrants becoming citizens.
so, so, so important - make america great again!
a nurse in dallas who treated ebola patient thomas duncan was allowed to fly to  should never have been so allowed! the real jv
put kathleen sebelius out of her misery and lovingly say, you're fired! let her go home to her family and rest. bring in top flight people!
the worst thing hillary could do is have her husband campaign for her. just watch.
gen. petraeus has agreed to testify in the senate on benghazi. i will be watching.
if @megynkelly stopped covering me on her show, her ratings would drop like a rock! my h to h interview with @ac360 beat her by millions!
what about the undocumented immigrant with a record who killed the beautiful young women (in front of her father) in san fran. get smart!
thanks @andreatantaros for all of your kind words and thoughts. big progress is being made. keep up the great work!
a big day for new york and for our country! make america great again!
if you really want to succeed, you'll have to go for it every day. the big time isn't for slackers. keep up your stamina and remain curious.
get the big picture but be prepared for the picture to change. be persistent and alert every single day.
tomorrow will be a really big day for america. make america great again!
14 african nations have totally banned west africans from entering their nations. likewise many other nations. but the . = "come on in"
obama's foreign policy is a complete and total disaster--the worst president we have ever had.
muslim brotherhood head of egypt morsi is already making demands on obama before the wh visit. obama's foreign policy is a complete failure.
we fight to free libya and they kill our ambassador and other americans. obama's foreign policy is a joke.
" @yang_karl : all scott pelley did by being disrespectful was make it easier to make up my mind who to vote for and that will be trump."
"if you love what you do, you are going to work harder, you are going to try harder and you will be better at it." - think big
make sure to vote today. vote for real change. change that will deliver jobs and a free & strong america. vote for @mittromney .
the final five—this has been a fight—and i think the fight will continue…
in light of boston, immigration legislation will be much harder to get.
check out oan and compare to what you are watching now!
just said at  that "politicians are all talk and no action and we are all tired of it! we need action and results to move forward!"
obama weak on immigration. all words, no action. he's been prez 4 years.
watch me on the @oreillyfactor tonight at 8pm.
be sure to watch my interview on @gretawire tonight!
you may want to watch david letterman tonight - i am on!
can't wait for tonight's debate--actually delayed my trip to europe so i can watch. this is going to be a great night.
watch the game-really good.
"you have to set higher and higher goals. you have to want more or you will start slipping backwards fast." -- think big
“you have to set higher and higher goals. you have to want more or you will start slipping backwards fast.” – think big
without passion you don't have energy, without energy you have nothing!
without passion you don't have energy, and without energy, you don't have anything!
without passion, you don't have energy; without energy, you have nothing. nothing great in the world has been accomplished without passion!
@dafny01 do not give up, keep moving forward.
shooting deaths of police officers up 78% this year. we must restore law and order and protect our great law enforcement officers!
thank you to our law enforcement officers!
thank you to our amazing law enforcement officers!
as bad as they were, i don't remember our embassies being attacked when mubarak and gaddafi were in power.
thank you to the amazing law enforcement officers in colorado!
great being in cincinnati, ohio last night- thank you! off to washington . now.
the rally in cincinnati is on. media put out false reports that it was cancelled!
i wonder why @barackobama is not going to the naacp convention. is it because he can't answer questions about 14.7% black unemployment?
the rally in cincinnati is on. media put out false reports that it was cancelled. will be great - love you ohio!
@rginn_1 toledo is a great place--i've been there & worked in cincinnati for 2 years--i love ohio.
"the best luck of all is the luck you make for yourself." -- douglas macarthur
whether you like it or not, the russians did a great job in hosting the olympics! remember when obama went to europe to get olympics-fourth.
“the best luck of all is the luck you make for yourself.” – general douglas macarthur
“the best luck of all is the luck you make for yourself.” – general douglas macarthur""
good luck to derek on his operation. i know it will be a success--- he is a great champion.
" @seanbolza : sure hope you will do great things. you are giving us something to look forward to, and make america great again. go trump"
@anthonynotweet make sure you are doing what you love to do. you need passion to keep you going.
i hope you can go to @oreillyfactor and vote for donald trump in order to make america great again! thanks.
"if you love what you do, you are going to work harder, you are going to try harder and you will be better at it." - think big
whether you think you can or think you can't---you are right. -- henry ford
friday is the last day to enter the counting sheep for hire contest. click here  and you could win a trip
" @kittreantanner :more interviews, mr trump. the more you talk @what you would do if president, the more people want to hear more from you."
the delegates at the @dnc convention keep shouting "four more years." four more years of 18% real unemployment and another $6t in debt?
"if your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader." – john quincy adams
i never want someone working for me who doesn’t want to be there--and in the same way, you shouldn’t want to be there, either.
heading to pennsylvania for a big rally tonight. we will make america great again!
@tvtango @billrancic great reminder--thanks.
i will be live tweeting during the debate tonight.
heading to scotland to check out turnberry & trump int'l golf links, scotland. then heading to dubai @damacofficial , a great company.
heading over to@kelly and michael re. apprentice!
entrepreneurs: we win in our daily lives by being careful with every day, every moment.
@dannyzuker on your best day you can't come close to beating me, i'll kick your ass every time-take the bet danny (check with . boss).
china is buying so many of our companies-- it’s really getting bad.
when will washington stand up to china. china is manipulating its currency and stealing our jobs. washington should move on legislation.
i will bring our jobs back to the ., and keep our companies from leaving. nobody else can do it. our economy will "sing" again.
the @uschamber must fight harder for the american worker. china, and many others, are taking advantage of . with our terrible trade pacts
gain and use information to your advantage--see every day as an opportunity to learn.
over 2 million people have lost their jobs since @barackobama became potus. how many of them still have healthcare?
" @ausbiz : record 14 million primary votes/beat 16 opponents/financed own campaign. you will be a great potus &  "
vast numbers of manufacturing jobs in pennsylvania have moved to mexico and other countries. that will end when i win!
. @mittromney will create 2 million new jobs if elected potus. if reelected, @barackobama will create over $12t in new debt. easy choice.
on 9/11, we pray for the victims and their families of the attack and give thanks to all who have sacrificed for justice & our freedom.
" @pctech181 : for american prosperity, now and for our children's children, there is only one choice. donald trump for president 2016-24."
. @piersmorgan and @omarosa really hate each other.
" @jules1327 : the women rule tonight on  - let's hope they don't kill each other before next week! @ivankatrump
i laugh when i see marco rubio and jeb bush pretending to "love" each other, with each talking of their great friendship. typical phony pols
bush and rubio are finally attacking each other, as i knew they would, in order to be the last "establishment" man standing against t
our country has to come together. we have to start working with, and really liking, each other. the whole world is watching baltimore.
hillary clinton lied last week when she said isis made a . video. the video that isis made was about her husband being a degenerate.
i will be on piers morgan live tonight at 9 . on cnn. tune in!
i will be live tweeting!
i will be live on all of the major morning talk shows. enjoy!
watch  2012 live tonight on @nbc at 9pm est!
i will be on @morning_joe live from new hampshire tomorrow at 7am.
crazy @megynkelly says i don't (won't) go on her show and she still gets good ratings. but almost all of her shows are negative hits on me!
"he who demands little gets it." - ellen glasgow
i hope when rand paul gets out of the race—he is at 1%--his supporters come over to me. i will do a much better job for them.
"if everyone is thinking alike, then somebody isn't thinking." --george s. patton
we are trying to fight isis, and now our own people are killing our police. our country is divided and out of control. the world is watching
...what is wrong with this story? isn’t this just ridiculous? terrible!
get the big picture--but be prepared for the picture to change. where there's a will, there's a win. think positively!
get the big picture but be prepared for the picture to change. be persistent and alert every single day.
@alfiraazzahra great picture, say hello!
@taylorswift13 thanks for the beautiful picture--- you are fantastic!
egypt's muslim brotherhood president is visiting us next month. @barackobama is so excited.
who would you like to see on next season of  ? let us know- everyone wants to be on it.
with president obama it's all talk and no action. our country is in desperate need of smart and decisive leadership before it is too late!
" @jeffjeffsc777 :i believe the country is going to think when voting for our next president it's about results that's why trump runs he wins"
" @tom38ts i wanted trump to be the president in 2012 the country needs trump to be the next president in 2016"
does anyone really believe that president obama found out about petraeus immediately after the election?
. @ascottpga really solid playing--keep going!
. @justinrose99 great playing--we are proud of you!
@ingrahamangle thanks laura--found out via your twitter!
. @vanityfair looks like a dying magazine! really really boring, really really thin!
yesterday in front of rockefeller center
a winning attitude will put everything in perspective. keep negative thoughts and people where they belong--out of the big picture.
entrepreneurs: a winning attitude will put things in perspective. keep negative thoughts & people where they belong--out of the big picture.
economic growth can save social security, medicare and america.
the only reason i bid on @buffalobills was to make sure they stayed in buffalo, where they belong. mission accomplished.
i never want someone working for me who doesn’t want to be there--and in the same way, you shouldn’t want to be there, either.
i don't want to be the only billionaire in america---i want all americans to be rich.
" @pauladuvall2 : cruz will say anything that is contrary to what you have to say. if you're for motherhood, he'll be against it!"
"you have to love what you do or you are never going to be successful no matter what you do in life." - think big
"you have to love what you do or you are never going to be successful no matter what you do in life.” - think big
lyin' ted cruz can't get votes (i am millions ahead of him) so he has to get his delegates from the republican bosses. it won't work!
.....ahead of schedule and under budget! will be in oklahoma tonight!
“keep your focus global and you may very well find yourself ahead of the game.” – trump never give up
why isn't hillary clinton 50 points ahead?
lyin' ted, i have already beaten you in all debates, and am way ahead of you in votes and delegates. you should focus on jobs & illegal imm!
thank you for your support!
“once you know you love your job, never stop and never give up.” – think like a billionaire
remember to keep going--if you stop, your momentum will stop.
thank you for all of your support! let's  !
“remember to keep going: if you stop, your momentum will stop.” – think big
off to nashville and the nra.
"@taurus82409: @cbs @60minutes look forward to it, donald. you are doing great! please keep up the fight, many of us are behind you 100%!!
huge townhall tomorrow at 5pm in the nh barrington middle school! thanks to @straffordnhgop ​ for hosting! let’s make america great again!
amazing nh poll released! we are getting ready to make america great again!
@phil_grech your not free, you'll never be free. you'll be back (if you ever left) because you can't help yourself!
i'll be on @foxandfriends this monday at 7:30 am. be sure to tune in.
will be on @foxandfriends now.
i'll be on @foxandfriends on monday at 7:30 am
i'll be on @foxandfriends on monday at 7:30 am.
thank you! together we will  !
in the upcoming new year we will focus like never before - if we do that we will have complete and total victory in all we do!
why do we keep broadcasting when we are going to attack syria. why can't we just be quiet and, if we attack at all, catch them by surprise?
thank you for your support! together we can  !
thank you america! together- we will  !
. @barackobama 's college application would be very very very very interesting!
many of hillary’s donors are the same donors as jeb bush’s—all rich, will have total control—know them well.
@jaypeemoney los angeles or scotland!
@uberburgers trump national golf club los angeles.
" @nicolabarbolini : playing at trump los angeles! amazing round of golf in the best course in west coast! unforgettable ocean view!"
@therealhillyard trump national golf club los angeles--it fronts the pacific ocean and is spectacular.
" @theseanramey trump national in los angeles, one of the best, most scenic golf courses ever! loved the food as well!" great, thank you.
great job once again by law enforcement! we are proud of them and should embrace them - without them, we don't have a country!
we should cut off all aid to every country that does not respect our border. why are we giving them money in the first place?
the debate was great last night--- all performed well!
mitt romney did great in the debate last night.
wow, every poll said i won the debate last night. great honor!
yom kippur blessings to all of my friends in israel and around the world.
entrepreneurs: whatever happens, you're responsible. if it doesn't happen, you're responsible.
. @rushlimbaugh is right—the republicans lost because they weren’t conservative enough—or tough enough.
thank you! vote in 2016!
i will defeat crooked hillary clinton on 11/8/2016.
“a failure or setback is not a defeat. defeat is a state of mind. you are defeated only when you accept defeat.” – think big
"@jollygoodman181: vote trump for president 2016 americans last hope donald trump... let's take our country back. vote for the "don" 2016"
obama:“i will destroy isis” = obama: “if you like your healthcare plan, you can keep your plan.”
entrepreneurs: do your best to your utmost ability every day. make that your standard.
if you really want to succeed, you'll have to go for it every day. the big time isn't for slackers. keep up your stamina and remain curious.
“be ready for problems-you’ll have them every day. keep your focus and be as big as your daily challenges.” – trump never give up
if you're passionate about your work, you will never give up.
obama was beaten but not knocked out. he lives to fight another day. but in the real world presidents are not given a second chance...
it's not whether you get knocked down, it's whether you get up. -- vince lombardi
i told you that the giants starting hudson was a mistake. just got knocked out of the game. i love being right!
the dying @unionleader newspaper in nh is in turmoil over my comments about them- like a bully that got knocked out!
anderson silva just got knocked out by new champion chris weidman! congrats to chris.
who thinks that president obama is totally incompetent?
we will only be the land of the free as long as we are home of the brave!
" @roniseale : the american people deserve a wall to protect our jobs, economy and our safety. i am the only candidate who would build it."
new  . thank you america!
thank you for your support!
"what you dream about is what you do. if you cannot even dream of doing big things, you will never do anything big."--think big
“what you dream about is what you will do. if you cannot even dream of doing big things, you will never do anything big in life.”- think big
“if you want to be successful at anything in life, you have to be able to handle pressure.” – think big
i have a dream that our country will be great again!
" @joshuaalthina :i have a dream that one day i'll be able to tell my children the story of you taking office & fixing this country
you can only smile when the losers of the world try so hard to put down successful people. just remember, they all want to be you!
heading over to@kelly and michael re. apprentice!
congrats everyone--we topped 4 million today on twitter--and heading up fast!
it's true... dennis is really into this-very animated. i have never seen him this way before.
will be in orlando, florida, this afternoon. 25,000 people expected. this is a movement like our great country has never seen before!
" @riggs101 : carl icahn: donald trump is completely correct that "we are in a bubble like you've never seen before"
hagel's performance yesterday was the worst i have ever seen before a committee of any kind!
heading for atlanta tomorrow morning for noon speech at north atlanta trade center. big crowds, great people!
what a time we all had in iowa yesterday, massive overflow crowd. love them!
our foreign policy decisions are dumbest in . history
i will be on the situation room with @wolfblitzer from 5-7pm est on cnn
. is a good choice - also, nice guy!
always remember, i was the one who got obama to release his birth certificate, or whatever that was! hilary couldn't, mccain couldn't.
"@swamp_bug: @seanhannity cruz is my second/third choice. carson is also a good man. i look at it as war, so my choice is trump."
sorry, couldn't do @foxandfriends this morning--big meeting. will double up next week at 7.
isn’t it ironic that president obama, of all people, is pushing for ‘universal background checks?!'
@lcbeaudoin big second amendment believer but background checks to weed out the sicko's are fine.
we are rebuilding other countries while our own country is going to hell. time to rebuild the .! tell our stupid politicians, enough
“positive thinking is not merely wishful thinking...
getting ready to watch the debate--- as they say "let's get ready to rumble"!
...trump, however, would kick his ass!
get ready for tonight!
" @mariadaq : historic!! what's historic is our national debt, record unemployment, &pocketbook crisis!the people need trump2 make usa rich!"
. @newtgingrich just said "a historic victory for trump." nice!
i will be making a speech at 12:00 in fort worth, texas. really big crowd expected. will be talking about the debate last night-plus, plus!
" @kata2bijak : i know a lot, but one thing i know is that i don't know everything. ~ donald trump"
the more you know, the more you realize how much you don't know. how can you possibly discover anything if you already know everything?
" @fenitaayu1 : i know a lot, but one thing i know is that i don't know everything. ~ donald trump"
thank you council bluffs, iowa! will be back soon. remember- everything you need to know about hillary -- just  .
" @gmoneyrainmaker : i hope @cnn has enough bandwidth tonight because not many will be watching @foxnews . watching trump tonight  "
@lawrence yes, great hair, and it's actually mine.
i know our complex tax laws better than anyone who has ever run for president and am the only one who can fix them.  @nytimes
good news is that my campaign has perhaps more cash than any campaign in the history of politics- b/c i stand 100% behind everything we do.
...what is wrong with this story? isn’t this just ridiculous? terrible!
it is a movement - not a campaign. leaving the past behind, changing our future. together, we will make america safe and great again!
young entrepreneurs – keep positive. don’t let the obamacare disaster stop your endeavors. there are great opportunities out there.
i don't want to be the only billionaire in america---i want all americans to be rich.
i never want someone working for me who doesn’t want to be there--and in the same way, you shouldn’t want to be there, either.
@mittromney can get people back to work.
good news for those that want to make america great again - i am winning every poll in every state and national - and by big numbers! thanks
" @waite_lane :if you don't want trump as president, then you don't want what your great grandfather fought so hard for
my twitter account is now reaching more people than the new york times--not bad. and we're only going to get better!
. @danawhite great job last night - very exciting! you have come a long way from those difficult early days, i am proud of you.
what the hell is going on with global warming. the planet is freezing, the ice is building and the . scientists are stuck-a total con job
looks like plan b is stuck with the mechanical dog. @thegarybusey has latched on and won’t let go.
best ratings for the dateline show were for six months, not two months!
we're stuck with the worst mayor in the united states. too bad, but new york city will survive!
we are one nation. when one hurts, we all hurt. we must all work together-to lift each other up.
we are one nation. when one state hurts, we all hurt. we must all work together - to lift each other up.
. @piersmorgan and @omarosa really hate each other.
bush and rubio are finally attacking each other, as i knew they would, in order to be the last "establishment" man standing against t
our country has to come together. we have to start working with, and really liking, each other. the whole world is watching baltimore.
" @babyfuzz1969 : declare your candidacy! right time, right age, right mind w/common sense, right leadership    "
ted cruz is mathematically out of winning the race. now all he can do is be a spoiler, never a nice thing to do. i will beat hillary!
if you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing, you're right. -- henry ford
do you think i made the right decision?
i got to know @johnboehner very well—he is a great guy who will do the right thing for the country!
“destiny has a part to play in your life and in your business--so give it a chance to work.” – think like a champion
"destiny has a part to play in your life and in your business - so give it a chance to work." - think like a champion
“destiny has a part to play in your life and in your business – so give it a chance to work.” – think like a champion
. @tedcruz should not make statements behind closed doors to his bosses, he should bring them out into the open - more fun that way!
hopefully the republican party can come together and have a big win in november, paving the way for many great supreme court justices!
the american people are sick and tired of not being able to lead normal lives and to constantly be on the lookout for terror and terrorists!
the u-6 real unemployment rate is even scarier than the national unemployment rate. @barackobama is overseeing a depression.
this is a tragedy. the real unemployment rate is 14.8% with over 23.2 million unemployed americans. we can do much better.
if you include people who have left the work force, unemployment rate is 15%. labor participation rate is lowest in 70 yrs.
the new hot term that they have recently invented is polar vortex - give me a break!
" @chr :donaldtrump reminds me of reagan his first yone was like "is he for real" yup! libs hate him and make fun of him. im on board
we had lots of fun last night with the live tweeting so i will do it again tonight from 8-10pm.
what do you think of @dennisrodman ’s donald trump head? the hair’s not quite right, for one thing.
jeb bush signed memo saying not to use the term "anchor babies," offensive. now he wants to use it because i use it. stay true to yourself!
" @alphainparis : @seanhannity donaldtrump is the 21st century ronald reagan. intelligent. bold. surrounded by good people. gets the job done.
strong debate by @perduesenate . no question he won. we need more business leaders with bold vision to fix washington.
" @lancebagley1 : be bold....,and powerful forces will come to your aid. but you know this, trump we're waiting.  "
the women of  are putting on a great show in this year's us open. amazing athletes.
“peace is not absence of conflict, it is the ability to handle conflict by peaceful means.” – pres. ronald reagan
don't worry, the united states will be great again!
president obama strongly considering a plan to bring non-. citizens with ebola to the united states for treatment. now i know he's nuts!
getting ready to go to iowa today. big crowd - will be a great day!
get ready for tonight!
vision remains vision until you focus, do the work, and bring it down to earth where it will do some good.
entrepreneurs: vision remains vision until you focus, do the work, and bring it down to earth where it will do some good.
crooked hillary called it totally wrong on brexit - she went with obama - and now she is saying we need her to lead. she would be a disaster
what bernie sanders really thinks of crooked hillary clinton.
sanders said only black lives matter - wow! hillary did not answer question!
crooked hillary can't close the deal with bernie sanders. will be another bad day for her!
thank you for your support at this mornings town hall- in salem, new hampshire.
i am on @foxnews with @greta doing a town hall, from wisconsin- now! enjoy!
even the once great caesars is bankrupt in . others to follow. ask the democrat city council what happened to atlantic city.
i have nothing to do with the plaza casino in atlantic city. i have not been involved with atlantic city for many years. used to love .!
i have nothing to do with atlantic city-sold years ago (great timing). for losers and haters, i never went bankrupt. plus $10 billion, sorry
hillary clinton should ask why the democrat pols in atlantic city made all the wrong moves - convention center, airport - and destroyed city
again, for all of the haters and losers, i have nothing to do with atlantic city - got out a long time ago!
listen to my interview with @gretawire tonight at 10pm et on @foxnews .
be sure to listen to my interview on tonight’s @stevedeaceshow . steve is a terrific guy!
my plan will lower taxes for our country, not raise them. phony @club4growth says i will raise taxes—just another lie.
. @club4growth asked me for $1 million. i said no. now falsely advertising that i will raise taxes. i’ll lower big league for middle class.
the middle-class has worked so hard, are not getting the kind of jobs that they have long dreamed of - and no effective raise in years. bad
the hedge fund guys (gals) have to pay higher taxes asap. they are paying practically nothing. we must reduce taxes for the middle class!
when the economy is bad, @barackobama wants to raise taxes. when the economy is good, @barackobama wants to raise taxes. notice a trend?
i have nothing to do with the plaza casino in atlantic city. i have not been involved with atlantic city for many years. used to love .!
with these record high gas prices, what does it say about obama that he was trying to brag about his energy policy in the debate?
remember, anything you read about atlantic city has nothing to do with me. i sold years ago and left. good timing but very sad!
even the once great caesars is bankrupt in . others to follow. ask the democrat city council what happened to atlantic city.
again, for all of the haters and losers, i have nothing to do with atlantic city - got out a long time ago!
the american people agree. no free pass for  !
al sharpton said they are "even making it more harder to register people to vote". which is worse, his grammar or his thoughts?
“simply take a big goal and mold yourself to become the person who can accomplish that goal.” – think big
i would like to wish all fathers, even the haters and losers, a very happy fathers day.
jack welch thinks sam palmisano, retired ceo of ibm, should be the next ceo of microsoft. interesting!
just remember, the birther movement was started by hillary clinton in 2008. she was all in!
this is a movement!
"@jollygoodman181: vote trump for president 2016 americans last hope donald trump... let's take our country back. vote for the "don" 2016"
who are your favorites on team power? team plan b?
" @wpayton344 : @paulmanafort great interview on cnn-being from ct- i am thrilled you are part of this team-go trump!"
" @mitchryanrocks : please run for office. this country needs ur leadership, knowledge, n passion. also, i'd love to be a part of ur team!"
the yankees are absolutely terrible--- what happened to this team?
entrepreneurs: being stubborn is a big part of being a winner. never give up!
thank you tampa, florida!
a hurricane will be coming to tampa. my @rnc convention surprise hits monday night!
a great afternoon in tampa, florida. thank you!
as usual, the weather people got it wrong in tampa. they just look for headlines & ratings!
"one of the keys to thinking big is total focus.” – the art of the deal
“one of the keys to thinking big is total focus.” – the art of the deal
our next vice president of the united states of america, gov. @mike_pence !
"socialists think profits are a vice; i consider losses the real vice." - winston churchill
@mckay317 @trumptowerny i will check it out, thanks.
. @genesimmons keep up the great work and congrats - we are proud of you!
i can't believe that president obama isn't able or willing to make just one phone call to the family of kate e on pres-make call!
@makeupwithme7 thanks--work hard every day!
time magazine should name david pecker of american media to be its top guy...but they are not smart enough to do that!
@arronj1 find something you love doing--you have to have passion for your work. then work hard and keep focused. good luck!
for success: find out what you love to do. trust yourself enough to find out what is best for you and what you're best at doing...
. @dannyzuker don't lie, @apprenticenbc was  in all major demos at 10. do not lie!
was susan rice told to lie about bergdahl? obama and his representatives lie about virtually everything, from obamacare to a deserter.
re lance armstrong—not only was it a big lie but a big lie that lasted too long!
how could obama leave those american heroes out to die in benghazi? and he continues to lie to the public!
if obama was willing to lie about obamacare then what else has he lied to us about…
with today's struggling job numbers, it is clear that there is one choice this november. @mittromney can turn the economy around.
" @erikmthompson : i just don't want  to run for president because that would mean no more  donald trumps letterman
on @foxnews at 7:00 . "special: meet the trumps" hope you enjoy!
why do so many people say i hate president obama—i don’t hate the president at all. i just disagree with his policies!
" @seabeevietn : go donald...nowhere in the constitution does it say that our president must be a lawyer/politician. our founders weren't."
thank you! together we will  !
today is the 53rd anniversary of the march on washington - today we honor the enduring fight for justice, equality and opportunity.
whether you think you can or think you can't---you are right. -- henry ford
"whether you think you can or think you can't--you're right." henry ford
whether you think you can or think you can't, you're right. -- henry ford
if you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing, you're right. -- henry ford
"if you can't say great things about yourself, who do you think will?" - think like a champion
i was not scheduled to be on the @oreillyfactor . pure fiction!
our nation is a once great nation divided!
" @nanaelaine7 : i can't wait for your inauguration!! the beginning of the end to these criminal immigrants. make america great again" thanks.
“the constitution is the guide which i never will abandon” - george washington
many of @tigerwoods ’ ‘friends’ were quick to abandon him in his time of crisis. now tiger knows who he can count on.
we must keep the pressure on @barackobama 's administration to make sure chen comes to the us. it would be a tragedy to abandon him in china.
now is the time to buy housing, before values have fully recovered. in 5 years, remember i told you so.
we only want to admit those who love our people and support our values.
the only people who are not interested in being the . pick are the people who have not been asked!
our country is totally divided and our enemies are watching. we are not looking good, we are not looking smart, we are not looking tough!
" @sintianiej :donaldtrump @intheelections @southheastt oh yes the next president of the united states .my president donald trump . in 2016 ."
"@ray_chipendo: we are able to do certain things only because we do not know they are impossible. donald trump"
@jbailey1987 yes we can oh foolish one, terrorists should not have the right to remain silent!
honor memorial day by thinking of and respecting all of the great men and women that gave their lives for us and our country! we love them.
thank you to all of the men and women who have served our country. you are our true heroes!
"i have so much admiration and respect for the 2.4 million men and women of our armed forces."
remember our brave men & women who have fallen protecting our country this memorial day!
what is never said is that people take a big risk with their money and can lose it all. we should be given credit for taking this risk.
in tampa, florida- thank you to all of our outstanding volunteers who want to  !
congrats to @jimmiejohnson , a great guy, on winning daytona!
do you think putin will be going to the miss universe pageant in november in moscow - if so, will he become my new best friend?
@thomasaroberts thomas, you will be a fantastic host of the miss universe pageant live from moscow on nov 9. great doing your show today!
tweet me tonight who your favorite is during the live telecast of the miss universe pageant.
i wonder if traitor edward snowden will be attending the miss universe pageant in moscow on november 9th.
excited to announce that @giulianarancic & @bravoandy will be hosting the 2012 miss universe pageant. great ratings for miss universe.
hillary clinton surged the trade deficit with china 40% as secretary of state, costing americans millions of jobs.
make sure to vote today. vote for real change. change that will deliver jobs and a free & strong america. vote for @mittromney .
“you have to set higher and higher goals. you have to want more or you will start slipping backwards fast.” – think big
"you have to set higher and higher goals. you have to want more or you will start slipping backwards fast." -- think big
make sure you get out and vote...most important election of our generation...go romney!
" @b_thornton66 : if you were to run for president, you'd have my vote! you're what this country needs!   "
"@joedurak if jeb is the nominee hillary is our next president."
hillary clinton does not have the strength or stamina to be president. we need strong and super smart for our next leader - or trouble!
" @howie_do_it_95 : donald trump is exactly the sort of leader we need! honest, tough, caring, and patriotic." thank you.
" @manakoa :donaldtrump, you are fearless! this interview shows you are the leader we need. @megynkelly is a tough interview! respect to both"
" @feyerwoman74 : you sir, are inspiring and what the country needs for a leader. we need a proven businessman who is a born leader!"
who do you think is going home?
look forward to introducing governor mike pence (who has done a spectacular job in the great state of indiana). my first choice from start!
spent time with indiana governor mike pence and family yesterday. very impressed, great people!
mike & mike in one minute!
on mike and mike, @espn in two minutes!
look forward to governor mike pence . introduction tomorrow in new york city.
great poll- thank you nevada!
how is bernie sanders going to defend our country if he can't even defend his own microphone? very sad!
it’s amazing how people can talk about me but i’m not allowed to talk about them.
. @jebbush today said he didn't want to be the front-runner, he would rather be where he is now, 2%. that is the talk of a loser, can't win!
we have got to take our country back. it's time!
" @christianlasval : "what's happening to us is not a question of tough,it's a question of smart." hurry and run already, we need to get smart
“the great question is not whether you have failed, but whether you are content with failure.” - laurence j. peter
obama can attend a fundraiser every day but can’t be bothered to get briefed on national security. commander-in-chief?!
it would be nice if our commander-in-chief was as concerned for our veterans health as he is for illegal immigrants becoming citizens.
thank you to our fantastic veterans. the reviews and polls from almost everyone of my commander-in-chief presentation were great. nice!
more poll results from last nights commander-in-chief forum.
crooked hillary clinton is totally unfit to be our president-really bad judgement and a temperament, according to new book, which is a mess!
...yet not one meeting with an ally (or an enemy!) where's the media?
our foreign policy decisions are dumbest in . history
i will be on @seanhannity tonight- from las vegas, nevada at 10pme. enjoy!
in las vegas, getting ready to speak!
i am in las vegas, at the best hotel (by far), trump international. i will be working with my wonderful teams and volunteers to win nevada!
bring in the new year with style in las vegas. @trumplasvegas is the place to be.
will be interviewed on @morning_joe at 7:20. great crowd in las vegas yesterday!
new iowa poll. thank you!
great new poll iowa - thank you!
thank you iowa! great night---see you soon!
thank you for your support last night, iowa!
new fox news poll thank you, iowa!
“don’t emphasize the problem so much-emphasize the solution. it’s a mindset that works.” – think like a champion
"much as it pays to emphasize the positive, there are times when the only choice is confrontation."
... it is time to get out and rebuild our own nation.
@derekpringle2 appears that you are.
a nation without borders is not a nation at all. we must have a wall. the rule of law matters. jeb just doesn’t get it.
our nation is a once great nation divided!
it appears that @thegarybusey is entranced with @melaniatrump - and rightly so!
romance or adventure- what do you prefer?
" @jackdix03868724 : arizona polls for democrats only say they would prefer donald trump over hillary clinton 60%"
on @fallontonight with @jimmyfallon at 11:30 pm. enjoy!
" @hakolbzman you would make an awesome president. we need someone who actually understands business to turn this country around" thanks.
@ron_fournier actually, i like you!
a big day for new york and for our country! make america great again!
trump will make america great!!!!
make america great again!
it is my great honor to be speaking at cpac 2013. they are all about what's good for america.
thank you new york, and pennsylvania!
@mittromney can get people back to work.
thank you @billkristol . i am going to make america great again!
prior to the end of the year, i will be traveling to israel. i am very much looking forward to it.
am now in . will be going to the . iowa at 5:30 . to speak to our great veterans and other friends!
if you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing, you're right. -- henry ford
"the system is rigged!"
the problem w/ the concept of "global warming" is that the . is spending a fortune on "fixing it" while china & others do nothing!
i got to know @johnboehner very well—he is a great guy who will do the right thing for the country!
“if you don't have time to do it right, when will you have time to do it over?” - john wooden
thank you cleveland. we love you and will be back many times!
" @babyfuzz1969 : declare your candidacy! right time, right age, right mind w/common sense, right leadership    "
even though i have the legal right to use steven tyler’s song, he asked me not to. have better one to take its place!
obama thinks he can just laugh off the fact that he refuses to release his records to the american public. he can't.
. @jebbush has embarrassed himself & his family with his incompetent campaign for president. he should remain true to himself.
@protagonisthero he brought them on himself!
he @johnedwards is bad, but @andrewyoung is worse--not only is he a "rat" but it turns out he stole much of the money for himself.
" @njunger_19 : has all he could ever want. if he runs for pres, then it it because he loves our country and wants to make it strong again."
what bernie sanders really thinks of crooked hillary clinton.
good move by bernie s.
i would rather run against crooked hillary clinton than bernie sanders and that will happen because the books are cooked against bernie!
the bernie sanders supporters are furious with the choice of tim kaine, who represents the opposite of what bernie stands for. philly fight?
many of bernie's supporters have left the arena. did bernie go home and go to sleep?
does anybody remember when bill clinton, in 2008, worked long and hard for hillary? she lost! now bill is at it again. just watch.
obama keeps namedropping bill clinton-- he is no bill clinton.
smart move by @barackobama having pres. bill clinton deliver the @dnc convention keynote.
i wonder when we will be able to see @barackobama 's college and law school applications and transcripts. why the long wait?
new hampshire is a critical state for both candidates this year. i got to know new hampshire and love it.
thank you new hampshire!
thank you, new hampshire!
for those that don’t think a wall (fence) works, why don’t they suggest taking down the fence around the white house? foolish people!
. @stephenfhayes : i heard you were a joke on the media panel this weekend in new hampshire. you just don't have what it takes! @joenbc
is that all there is? we need a new president - fast!
thank you america! together, we will all  !
thank you! together we will  !
hillary said with respect to isis, "we are finally where we need to be." do we want 4 more years of incompetent leadership? maga!
we need much tougher, much smarter leadership - and we need it now!
hillary will never reform wall street. she is owned by wall street!
we have to make america great again!
occupy wall street is at it again- go out and get a job. it's actually easier work and far more rewarding.
" @carrillo_pete :  america great again. we need a outsider to bring class and discernment back to our nation. we need  "
when will the democrats, and hillary in particular, say "we must build a wall, a great wall, and mexico is going to pay for it?" never!
it's not whether you get knocked down, it's whether you get up. -- vince lombardi
why did we spend billions of our money on libya if we are not going to get any of the country's oil? what do we get out of this?
resolve never to quit, never to give up, no matter what the situation. -- jack nicklaus
“get in. get it done. get it done right. get out.” – my father, fred c. trump
“get in. get it done. get it done right. get out.” – fred c. trump (my father!)
the economy is bad and getting worse-almost zero growth this quarter. nobody can beat me on the economy (and jobs). make america great again
" @yankeeworshiper thank you to donald trump for standing up for what you believe e the  lies for hillary and barack."
i will stand with police and protect all americans!
. @anncoulter has been amazing. we will win and establish strong borders, we will build a wall and mexico will pay. we will be great again!
in the upcoming new year we will focus like never before - if we do that we will have complete and total victory in all we do!
“a failure or setback is not a defeat. defeat is a state of mind. you are defeated only when you accept defeat.” – think big
when will president obama issue the words radical islamic terrorism? he can't say it, and unless he will, the problem will not be solved!
the  women totally blow away the victoria’s secret women!
the media is so after me on women wow, this is a tough business. nobody has more respect for women than donald trump!
...bad decisions can be devastating.
do you believe this - iran wants to trade our 3 prisoners (not 4) for 19 prisoners held by the . should have been let go with last deal!
....... i disagree, but it's still cool.
@givens1964 very cool, thanks.
@valentino_jimmy that's cool, i agree!
" @davidbarringer4 for the record, trump ties are the best ties i have ever owned. high quality and very appealing" thanks.
shirts and ties are doing great @macys --thanks!
as i stated at the press conference on friday regarding david duke- i disavow.
six hours left to  connecticut!
can anyone imagine chafee as president? no way.
"everything you can imagine is real." —pablo picasso
@rogerjmunson only 40 hours? (just kidding).
. @alexsalmond of scotland may be the dumbest leader of the free world. i can’t imagine that anyone wants him in office.
" @masterbaxter8 : only someone like you "successful at so much" deserves a shot to be president! we don't need another mediocre politician."
happy 4th of july to everyone! make america great again!
happy 4th of july to everyone, including the haters and losers!
@gsmgolf very hot in florida in july & august.
over 150,000 more of our fellow americans dropped out of the workforce in july. @barackobama is a disaster!
a great 4th of july! america a great country who's brightest days, with wise leadership, lie ahead.
only 36 days until the election. @mittromney needs to stay on offense. make obama's terrible record the issue.
many of the great jobs that the people of our country want are long gone, shipped to other countries. we now are part time, sad! i will fix!
if you live in a state with early voting, you should be voting as soon as possible. bring your friends and family with you.
"if you love what you do, you are going to work harder, you are going to try harder and you will be better at it." - think big
the harder you work, the luckier you get!
voting for @govgaryjohnson is voting for obama--don't waste your vote!
did you agree with my decision?
hillary will never reform wall street. she is owned by wall street!
when will the democrats, and hillary in particular, say "we must build a wall, a great wall, and mexico is going to pay for it?" never!
jobs report is really bad - beyond the worst  bad day on wall street!
yesterday was a referendum on obamacare & all other obama fiascos. republicans can now rein him in.
" @billd111 @seanhannity any candidate that says trump or anyone else should step down for speaking his mind should himself step down."
our economy is in trouble. the unemployed are more likely to drop out of the workforce than find a job. we need growth-- and now!
i hope you can go to @oreillyfactor and vote for donald trump in order to make america great again! thanks.
@anthonynotweet make sure you are doing what you love to do. you need passion to keep you going.
whether you think you can or think you can't, you're right. -- henry ford
"whether you think you can or think you can't--you're right." henry ford
make sure you get out and vote...most important election of our generation...go romney!
. @jebbush is slashing campaign salaries, people making millions. if he can't manage his campaign, how can he manage our countries finances?
i want to see @barackobama 's college records to see how he listed his place of birth in the application.
proud to see my friend governor chris christie standing up for israel on his visit. standing tall!
actually i was very nice to jimmy carter during my standing room only (& standing ovation) speech for cpac - stated better pres. than obama!
" @yankeeworshiper thank you to donald trump for standing up for what you believe e the  lies for hillary and barack."
"there are many ways of going forward, but only one way of standing still." -- pres. franklin d. roosevelt
everyone is asking if and when i will endorse a candidate in the nyc mayoral race. doing my due diligence…
@ronpaul has some serious ideas which deserve serious consideration. wrong for media to ignore him.
our country is now in serious and unprecedented trouble...like never before.
@billnojay thank you for your great confidence! our state, like our country, is in serious trouble. keep up the good fight.
" @marianoqcasilum : please make it known now that you are a serious candidate for president. we, the american people need you to liberate usa
it is time for iran to face serious consequences. this regime is a threat to our national security.
thank you for your support! together we can  !
thank you! together we will  !
& together we will  ! thank you for your support!
thank you america! together- we will  !
thank you america! together, we will all  !
at the debate, the president kept talking of what he is going to do. i kept saying, why didn't he do it? he lost me a long time ago.
. @ericbolling you can do much better than you did tonight on @oreillyfactor . better luck tomorrow!
we need much tougher, much smarter leadership - and we need it now!
we will immediately repeal and replace obamacare - and nobody can do that like me. we will save $'s and have much better healthcare!
“there is a point in every contest when sitting on the sidelines is not an option.” -- dean smith
follow @trumpnh for all the updates on my new hampshire political activities. looking forward to returning to the granite state on may 14!
i am on @foxnews with @greta doing a town hall, from wisconsin- now! enjoy!
thank you for your support at this mornings town hall- in salem, new hampshire.
the middle-class has become the new poor in this country and our incompetent politicians are unable to do anything about  don't care!
when will @barackobama release an actual budget?
@originalkillaki it's very good, you can learn a lot.
what can you learn today that you didn't know before? set the bar high -- do the best you possibly can.
losers and haters,even you, as low and dumb as you are, can learn from watching apprentice and checking out my tweets-you can still succeed!
today the democrats lose big. but tomorrow the republicans must communicate a positive pro-growth agenda.
= obama's third term, which would be terrible news for our economic growth - seen below.
if obamacare is not repealed then we can expect stagnant growth, long term unemployment and record high premiums.
"we need a tax system that is fair and smart--one that encourages growth, savings, and investment."
economic growth can save social security, medicare and america.
@edwardashton30 true and true!
@ms2202 true and true!
what do you think of the choices for project manager?
“if we get tough and make the hard choices, we can make america a rich nation—and respected—once again.” – time to get tough
@barackobama claims that all his choices were "the right ones." i am sure the 20% of americans who are unemployed disagree.
" @therealhabanero : the thought of you becoming president of the united states is the only thing that gives me hope for this country's future
crooked hillary called it totally wrong on brexit - she went with obama - and now she is saying we need her to lead. she would be a disaster
" @jimlibertarian @grantrobertb @michaelcohen212 you're damn right we want the truth,we've been lied to 4 years and we've had it.  "
if you’ve looked over the years,i’ve been right on virtually every issue from iraq (not going in but if so taking the oil) to jobs to china
@rattiackackack creating jobs for one thing.
"i'm loyal to people who've done good work for me."
i've had enough of this - good night!
it's important to remain open to new ideas and new information. keep your door open every day to something innovative and energizing.
negotiation tip: be reasonable & flexible. being open to change could lead you into a fortunate situation and open the door to innovation.
if our border is not secure, we can expect another attack. a country with open borders is open to the terrorists.
success requires 100% effort and 100% focus. nothing less.
entrepreneurs: realize that success requires 100% effort and 100% focus. nothing less.
i've realized that success requires 100% effort and 100% focus. nothing less.
i've realized that success requires 100% effort and 100% focus. nothing less. get out there and go for it.
...while her charity is getting less than 5 cents per donated dollar. she should be ashamed!
price gouging at many gas stations, $10 a gallon--welcome to the new world.
did you agree with my decision?
thank you for your support!
thank you for all of your support! let's  !
& together we will  ! thank you for your support!
thank you for your support! together we can  !
" @tarashuman : donaldtrump thank you so much for your amazing hope message!!! i'm so grateful.
my prayers and condolences to the victims and families of the terrible tragedy in nice, france. we are with you in every way!
thoughts and prayers to the great people of indiana. you will prevail!
i would absolutely kill jon stewart(?) in a debate - it would be no contest - he's not fast enough or smart enough (only obnoxious enough!).
the only people who are not interested in being the . pick are the people who have not been asked!
my prayers are with the victims and hostages in the horrible paris attacks. may god be with you all.
want jobs? slash corporate tax rate. tax incentives for companies that create jobs in us. america will boom.
real unemployment is 20%. we must simplify the tax code and start making our own products again to bring our jobs back from overseas.
why did pres obama remove sanctions against iran prior to negotiating rather than completing successful negotiation & then remove sanctions?
we are using the absolute wrong negotiating technique with respect to the iran nuclear talks. strengthen sanctions until great deal is made!
if you're passionate about your work, you will never give up.
"don't take vacations. what's the point? if you're not enjoying your work, you're in the wrong job." -- think like a billionaire
thank you for your support!
entrepreneurs: you have to have passion. if you love your work, success will follow.
entrepreneurs: be totally focused. know everything you can about what you're doing. give your work 100% of your concentrated effort.
mexico has lost a brilliant finance minister and wonderful man who i know is highly respected by president peña nieto.
i have accepted the invitation of president enrique pena nieto, of mexico, and look very much forward to meeting him tomorrow.
lightweight . eric schneiderman meets with president obama (who he told me "sucks" as a president), and quickly files a suit against me!
how is bernie sanders going to defend our country if he can't even defend his own microphone? very sad!
if justice roberts had done the right thing and voted against obamacare, our country would be in a lot better shape right now! total turmoil
i've had enough of this - good night!
@missusa2005 thanks chelsea--you are great!
expecting a great crowd of amazing people. questions will be live!
" @ricd384 : the united states of america needs a real man in the oval office. mr. donald trump, america is ready for you. lets do it'"
. @alexsalmond of scotland may be the dumbest leader of the free world. i can’t imagine that anyone wants him in office.
" @nectarusafsm : @kyleraccio i want donald trump to be president. he knows business and people. he needs to be in the oval office, now."
"everything you can imagine is real." —pablo picasso
what is never said is that people take a big risk with their money and can lose it all. we should be given credit for taking this risk.
go to trump doral in miami and watch the world golf championship! on now!
obama can attend a fundraiser every day but can’t be bothered to get briefed on national security. commander-in-chief?!
“think of yourself as a one-man army. you’re not only the commander in chief, you’re the soldier as well.” – think like a billionaire
more poll results from last nights commander-in-chief forum.
"@jak00seven: if you like how @hillaryclinton handled  , then you'll just her as commander-in-chief  "
i just got mike leach's new book, swing your sword. he's a great coach, and he's written a great book. it's definitely worth reading.
what is he reading?
my new book, time to get tough, comes out on december 5th. pre-order on . it's the best book i've ever written.
just finished reading a poorly written & very boring book on the general motors building by vicky ward. waste of time! @wileybiz
ed klein wrote a book on the president, "the amateur." great book, excellent reading! @ed_klein
the american people agree. no free pass for  !
" @elvisfan1976 : @nrsc stop sending me emails asking me to donate and get a free donaldtrump sticker. i support him and he's self funding!
. @traceadkins says @joan_rivers is a gem. i agree. we all agree.
thank you marco, i agree!
@phil_grech your not free, you'll never be free. you'll be back (if you ever left) because you can't help yourself!
"the only way to do great work is to love what you do." – steve jobs
i'm going to do what @mittromney was totally unable to do- win!
use your intelligence and your education to execute what your imagination presents to you. this is one step to becoming an entrepreneur.
the economy is bad and getting worse-almost zero growth this quarter. nobody can beat me on the economy (and jobs). make america great again
what team would you choose to win?
poll - thank you!
new  . thank you america!
thank you - so nice.
thank you @greta .
thank you new york! i love you!
once again the bush appointed supreme court justice john roberts has let us down. jeb pushed him hard! remember!
south carolina voters have the future of our country in their hands. vote now (today), and make america great again!
why can't the leaders of the republican party see that i am bringing in new voters by the millions-we are creating a larger, stronger party!
stuart stevens, the failed campaign manager of mitt romney's historic loss, is now telling the republican party what to do with trump. sad!
straighten out the republican party of virginia before it is too late. stupid! rnc
"@markpryceagee: i believe donald trump would be the best candidate to run for president under the republican party.  " i do also!
see you tonight in north carolina. making keynote for the republican party- will be fun.
" @dukeofbc : @megynkelly debate cruz one on one. i would just tell him that you were to busy running for the president of usa, not canada"
the last person that hillary or bernie want to run against is donald trump --- and that is fact!
. @agschneiderman has never once said that he didn’t ask for campaign contributions during the investigation.
gov. cuomo's moreland comm should be looking at ag schneiderman shaking down those under investigation/ in litigation for campaign $$$
" @foxnews : . @jamesrosenfnc : "never before has a president endorsed someone under investigation by @thejusticedept ."
no way, judges say mayweather won. investigation should take place. fix?
whatever happened to obama's 'independent investigation' into national security leaks from his administration? where's the media?
@rocionavas make sure you love your business. you have to be passionate about it. focus on it 100%. go for it with everything you've got.
i have nothing to do with the plaza casino in atlantic city. i have not been involved with atlantic city for many years. used to love .!
. @jebbush has embarrassed himself & his family with his incompetent campaign for president. he should remain true to himself.
. police and law enforcement seem to have killed one of the california shooters and are in a shootout with the others. go police
i will stand with police and protect all americans!
@barackobama made a campaign decision on delaying the keystone pipeline to  pipeline would lower oil prices and create jobs.
$5 a gallon gas and we have yet to approve the keystone xl pipeline. opec is laughing at us.
obama will eventually approve the keystone xl pipeline--has to happen but it is very late!
@barackobama is obviously going to approve the keystone pipeline after the election if he wins. his supporters are being played.
getting ready to watch the debate--- as they say "let's get ready to rumble"!
“be ready for problems-you’ll have them every day. keep your focus and be as big as your daily challenges.” – trump never give up
if you live in a state with early voting, you should be voting as soon as possible. bring your friends and family with you.
if you're going to be thinking, you may as well think big.
i hope the @rnc is ready for a third party if they blow this election because that is what they will face. they must fight hard.
make sure to vote today. vote for real change. change that will deliver jobs and a free & strong america. vote for @mittromney .
thank you for all of your support! let's  !
thank you west virginia. let's keep it going. go out and vote on tuesday - we will win big.
things happen that make you question whether you should keep going. as long as you are enjoying what you are doing, keep going.
@anthonynotweet make sure you are doing what you love to do. you need passion to keep you going.
"if you love what you do, you are going to work harder, you are going to try harder and you will be better at it." - think big
... also, if they’re at home who the hell knows what they’re doing (a second job maybe).
great meeting with @senatemajldr mitch mcconnell and republican leaders in .
" @man_in_the_hole : "our leaders are dummies. they don't know what's going on. it's true, they're incompetent.   "
after super tuesday, every gop candidate should take a long hard look at their prospects and drop out if they can't get the nomination.
" @wizhether : donaldtrump keep it up! they're attacking you because they're afraid. you're winning! we who love our country have your back!"
"there is only one way to avoid criticism: do nothing, say nothing, and be nothing."– aristotle
happy 4th of july to everyone! make america great again!
happy 4th of july to everyone, including the haters and losers!
nice to see obama released a situation room photo from sandy. how about releasing the photo taken during benghazi?
lynne ryan -- just read your great story in the ny times -- i am proud of you. thanks!
...what is wrong with this story? isn’t this just ridiculous? terrible!
" @joshuaalthina :i have a dream that one day i'll be able to tell my children the story of you taking office & fixing this country
read about how this hotel came into being in my book “never give up”—it’s quite a story.  @trumpnewyork
china is a threat to america. they are not our friend.
iran has never had a better friend than obama.
proud to see my friend governor chris christie standing up for israel on his visit. standing tall!
" @tuggers56 : @pmgeezer hillary is so afraid of him. the gop is afraid of him. the american people embrace him! let's elect him, donaldtrump
why is obama’s auto bailout now creating jobs in china? he is ruining american industry.
remember that bill clinton was brought in to help hillary against obama in 2008. he was terrible, failed badly, and was called a racist!
i believe that crooked hillary sent bill to have the meeting with the . so bill is not in trouble with h except that he got caught!
here's to a safe and happy independence day for one and all - enjoy it! - j. trump
wishing everyone a very happy holiday season!
wishing you and yours a very happy and bountiful thanksgiving!
wishing everyone a happy, healthy and prosperous new year!
@jeffphilbin wishing you good luck and a happy birthday.
when it comes to violent crime, and if we are going to solve the problem, we must stop being so politically correct-must tell it like it is!
thank you america! together, we will all  !
give america back its dream! - j. trump
thank you to everyone for the wonderful reviews of my speech on thursday night. from the heart!
"what you dream about is what you do. if you cannot even dream of doing big things, you will never do anything big."--think big
as i have said, the tea party is alive and well and fighting hard for the usa. big win today!
“what you dream about is what you will do. if you cannot even dream of doing big things, you will never do anything big in life.”- think big
make sure to vote today. vote for real change. change that will deliver jobs and a free & strong america. vote for @mittromney .
will be in south bend, indiana in a short while -- big rally! see you soon!
wow, i have just exceeded 2 million followers--and in such a short time!
crooked hillary said loudly, and for the world to see, that she "short circuited" when answering a question on her e-mails. very dangerous!
re my hair-should i change it? what do you think?
" @sensanders : i have a message for donald trump: no, we’re not going to hate latinos, we’re not going to hate muslims." i fully agree!
i hate to say it, but the republican convention was far more interesting (with a much more beautiful set) than the democratic convention!
it was great spending time with @joniernst yesterday. she has done a fantastic job for the people of iowa and . will see her again!
" @wakeupfla : please stand up for american hispanic families and fight illegal immigration it is destroying usa!  "
" @donaldtrumpfink : . @govmikehuckabee : if donald becomes president, he will do a whole lot more to protect us than hillary will."
isis exploded on hillary clinton's watch- she's done nothing about it and never will. not capable!
crooked hillary called it totally wrong on brexit - she went with obama - and now she is saying we need her to lead. she would be a disaster
" @nbcsnl : backstage with trump.   "
america used to be the leader of the world. thanks to obama america isn't even leading from behind.
get ready for tonight!
“get in. get it done. get it done right. get out.” – my father, fred c. trump
“get in. get it done. get it done right. get out.” – fred c. trump (my father!)
my father's 4 step formula for success: "get in, get it done, get it done right, and get out." -- fred c. trump
. @cnn is all negative when it comes to me. i don't watch it anymore.
a really bad night for president obama. now the republicans have to get together and get the job done!
we are going to bring steel and manufacturing back to indiana!
we can create jobs in the american economy by protecting our own manufacturing sector.
we have to make america great again!
thank you for your support! we will make america safe and great again!
will be back soon virginia. we are going to make america great again!
@mittromney has won the most delegates, received the most votes and won the most states. the primary is over. time to defeat @barackobama .
congratulations to our great women's olympic soccer team @ussoccer on their gold medal. they made us all proud!
i have self funded my winning primary campaign with an approx. $50 million loan. i have totally terminated the loan!
we are going to win and make america great again, maybe better than ever before!
it was just determined that the woman who passed out at obama’s press conference had just seen what her new premiums would be!
. @newtgingrich just said "a historic victory for trump." nice!
" @mariadaq : historic!! what's historic is our national debt, record unemployment, &pocketbook crisis!the people need trump2 make usa rich!"
goofy elizabeth warren is now using the woman’s card like her friend crooked hillary. see her dumb tweet “when a woman stands up to you…”
"the bend in the road is not the end of the road unless you refuse to take the turn." – anonymous
it’s amazing how people can talk about me but i’m not allowed to talk about them.
i will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:00 . so much to talk about!
will be interviewed on @morning_joe at 7:00 . so much to talk about!
i'll be on @foxandfriends this morning at 7:00. so much to talk about!
have a great easter, i love you all!
happy easter - have a great day!
i wish everyone, including the haters and losers, a very happy easter!
happy easter to all, have a great day!
have a great good friday and a happy easter.
it's time for ted cruz to either settle his problem with the fact that he was born in canada and was a citizen of canada, or get out of race
our ally canada wants to send their oil down south to us. @barackobama is forcing canada to send it west to china.
keystone must be approved. oil is at a record high. we need to use our resources and support allies like canada.
looking forward to speaking at  next week in atlantic canada--my first time ever.
it’s a shame to hear that the @dcexaminer is failing. no one wants the paper, even if it is being handed out for free.
whether you think you can or think you can't, you're right. -- henry ford
"whether you think you can or think you can't--you're right." henry ford
for someone who demanded 20 years of mitt's tax returns, you would think my offer to donate $5m to charity for his records is an easy go.
mitt romney, who was one of the dumbest and worst candidates in the history of republican politics, is now pushing me on tax returns. dope!
mitt romney,who totally blew an election that should have been won and whose tax returns made him look like a fool, is now playing tough guy
why won't obama release his college applications? is there something 'foreign' about them?
why did @mittromney give his tax returns without demanding that obama release his college records & applications in return?
today in history wrestlemania 23: i shave @vincemcmahon 's hair--highest rated show in wwe history @wrestlefact
could this ad campaign result in mad men & mad women?
crooked hillary -- makes history!
do you believe obama just said that america would be "less safe" with a travel ban from west  is the thinking of a total mad man!
great to be back in arizona!
just got back from new hampshire. great crowd, great people! will be back soon!
taxpayers are paying a fortune for the use of air force one on the campaign trail by president obama and crooked hillary. a total disgrace!
it has been a pleasure to make so many friends and meet so many great people on the trail this past cycle. we will fight on!
just at a news conference from trump turnberry in scotland. everybody was there & will be all over television tonite. back on trail saturday
" @backontrackusa :not only is america not leading in the world anymore, under obama america is destabilizing the world & making it dangerous.
wages in are country are too low, good jobs are too few, and people have lost faith in our  need smart and strong leadership now!
i'm not going to be watching much nfl football anymore. too time consuming, too boring, too many flags and too soft. focus on other things!
if the boston killer applies for obama care the paperwork will be too complicated for him to understand!
i will stand with police and protect all americans!
yet another terrorist attack, this time in turkey. will the world ever realize what is going on? so sad.
@thisweekabc should be interesting - lets see how fair and honest they will be! enjoy
it is only the people that were never asked to be vp that tell the press that they will not take the position.
"they succeed, because they think they can." -- virgil
"many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up." -- thomas a. edison
many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up. -- thomas a. edison
this election is a choice between law, order & safety - or chaos, crime & violence. i will make america safe again for everyone.
with today's struggling job numbers, it is clear that there is one choice this november. @mittromney can turn the economy around.
the economy is bad and getting worse-almost zero growth this quarter. nobody can beat me on the economy (and jobs). make america great again
"it's important that we help poor people to become independent, self-sufficient individuals who gain the benefits of work."
the last person that hillary or bernie want to run against is donald trump --- and that is fact!
i got to know @johnboehner very well—he is a great guy who will do the right thing for the country!
what team would you choose to win?
thank you for your support!
this was a great evening- i would like to thank everyone for their wonderful support.
thank you for all of your support! most importantly - we need to get everyone out to vote!
thank you for all of your support! let's  !
& together we will  ! thank you for your support!
thank you new hampshire!
thank you, new hampshire!
obama told his donors this past week “public opinion” is on his side. don't believe that one either.
the . cannot allow ebola infected people back. people that go to far away places to help out are great-but must suffer the consequences!
“tomorrow hopes we have learned something from yesterday.” - john wayne
i love taking lawsuits all the way when i’m right. @agschneiderman is finding that out the hard way!
we could make america great again by spreading obamacare throughout the world while at the same time dropping it from .!
if you have passion, confidence, resilience, & vision, you could become an entrepreneur. add focus to the list & you're off to a good start
" @ursulacurtin : @cantget300 hands off - we need him as president here in ireland - he has the golf club here so that's a start!!!!" cute!
tweet me your questions to answer.
getting ready to answer your questions.
please tweet me your questions to answer in my  .
tweet me more of your questions to answer in the next video....
many people have been asking me to answer questions. you can ask me questions at any time.
heading to youngstown, ohio now- some great polls.
if any candidate believes that with what we know today we still should have invaded iraq then they are unqualified to be commander-in-chief.
...american cancer society, and the dana farber cancer center.
@diego_arria . i hear you are doing great! take care of yourself.
entrepreneurs: if you cannot handle the tough times, you will never be successful in business. stay positive & stay strong!
@politifact ’s  is obama’s if you like your health care plan, you can keep it. wrong. it’s the lie of the decade.
i told you @time magazine would never pick me as person of the year despite being the big favorite they picked person who is ruining germany
watch  2012 live tonight on @nbc at 9pm est!
thank you marco, i agree!
did you agree with my decision?
. @traceadkins says @joan_rivers is a gem. i agree. we all agree.
do you agree with the client's decision?
. @juddapatow i agree!
clear winner of the  . thank you for your support!
thank you for your support! together we can  !
we will only be the land of the free as long as we are home of the brave!
thank you america! together, we will all  !
in the upcoming new year we will focus like never before - if we do that we will have complete and total victory in all we do!
we are one nation. when one hurts, we all hurt. we must all work together-to lift each other up.
" @rowleyrhonda : i feel our country is falling apart by the day, possibly by the hours, please please please run for president!  "
does anybody really think that president obama didn't know about our spying on the leaders of allies around the world - not possible!
" @yankeerunnerlv :please please please give strong and serious consideration running in 2016 and saving this country. u have my vote
re miss universe pageant, we’ve spoken w/the lgbt community in russia who asked “please don’t leave, it would send the wrong signal.”
thank you to the lgbt community! i will fight for you while hillary brings in more people that will threaten your freedoms and beliefs.
today is the 53rd anniversary of the march on washington - today we honor the enduring fight for justice, equality and opportunity.
in order to save medicare and stop record premium increases--we must repeal obamacare.
. @traceadkins isn’t excited about their ideas. are you?
. @vanityfair looks like a dying magazine! really really boring, really really thin!
very excited to be returning to iowa tomorrow to campaign for my friend & strong conservative leader @stevekingia !
had a meeting with the terrific @govpencein of indiana. so excited to campaign in his wonderful state!
" @amandajoan40 : this is the first time in my adult life that i have been excited about an election   "
" @yang_karl : all scott pelley did by being disrespectful was make it easier to make up my mind who to vote for and that will be trump."
"if you love what you do, you are going to work harder, you are going to try harder and you will be better at it." - think big
"sooner or later, those who win are those who think they can." --paul tournier
i will be in south carolina all week. saturday is big, big, big! get out and vote - make america great again
" @joenbc : fox calls virginia for trump. if it holds, it's a big win for trump and a big setback for rubio, who needed to win the state.
join @autismspeaks and light the world blue on 4/2.  will raise awareness for millions with autism!
join @autismspeaks , and light the world blue on 4/2.  will raise awareness for millions with autism!
we're missing a lot of information on autism. support @autismspeaks ' project by visiting
everybody should contribute & fight in the long haul battle against autism. @autismspeaks
we are one nation. when one hurts, we all hurt. we must all work together-to lift each other up.
we are one nation. when one state hurts, we all hurt. we must all work together - to lift each other up.
" @mark_brown_pe : a great man once said "don't tell me how hard a job is going to be, tell me how hard it was, when you are finished!"
@forq2 are you making less than minimum wage, don't worry, the government will protect you. afraid to give your real name? you should be.
we, as a country, either have borders or we don't. if we don't have borders, we don't have a country!
“get in. get it done. get it done right. get out.” – fred c. trump (my father!)
“get in. get it done. get it done right. get out.” – my father, fred c. trump
my father's 4 step formula for success: "get in, get it done, get it done right, and get out." -- fred c. trump
 @rajeevsamtani : get in, get it done, get it done right & get out  trump actually, told to me by my father, fred trump.
“if you don't have time to do it right, when will you have time to do it over?” - john wooden
@phil_grech your not free, you'll never be free. you'll be back (if you ever left) because you can't help yourself!
we need much tougher, much smarter leadership - and we need it now!
" @belllabooo13 : @foxandfriends as always great job mr trump!! truth we all need to hear it! you gave us hope!! we need it now!!"
"@kencee11: we need you to run for potus. we need a real american, one with the same values that built this country.. go trump 2016 !"
when i think big, which is often, you can be sure i’m aware of the enormous amount of little things that we will have to account for.
thank you for your support last night, iowa!
thank you for all of your support! let's  !
thank you for your support!
thank you for all of your support, south carolina!
new iowa poll. thank you!
. @dennisrodman is always hard to miss-especially when dressed in silver finery. but not sure about the silver lipstick.
still time to get out and vote!
27 days until america's greatest test since our founding. in this election, we decide whether we become great again.
remember to keep going--if you stop, your momentum will stop.
“remember to keep going: if you stop, your momentum will stop.” – think big
isn’t it ironic that president obama, of all people, is pushing for ‘universal background checks?!'
it’s amazing how people can talk about me but i’m not allowed to talk about them.
ask yourself: what am i pretending not to see? there may be some great opportunities right around you.
entrepreneurs: ask yourself: what am i pretending not to see? there may be some great opportunities right around you.
entrepreneurs: another question to ask yourself—“what am i pretending not to see?” there may be great opportunities right around you.
if you want to know about hillary clinton's honesty & judgment, ask the family of ambassador stevens.
i never want someone working for me who doesn’t want to be there--and in the same way, you shouldn’t want to be there, either.
why did @mittromney give his tax returns without demanding that obama release his college records & applications in return?
" @dietztaa_9 : if donald trump ran for president, he'd have my vote based on his twitter account alone"
" @nectarusafsm : @kyleraccio i want donald trump to be president. he knows business and people. he needs to be in the oval office, now."
i hope bill clinton starts talking about women's issues so that voters can see what a hypocrite he is and how hillary abused those women!
we should be focused on magnificently clean and healthy air and not distracted by the expensive hoax that is global warming!
give me clean, beautiful and healthy air - not the same old climate change (global warming) bullshit! i am tired of hearing this nonsense.
we should be focused on clean and beautiful air-not expensive and business closing global warming-a total hoax!
the chinese talk of climate change and carbon footprint but don't clean up their factories-but they sell us the equipment to clean up ours!
i would like to wish everyone a happy and healthy new year. we must all work together to, finally, make america safe again and great again!
make no mistake, obamacare is the first step towards changing our health system into single payer. just a disaster.
"the system is rigged!"
our country is in a major crisis of incompetent leadership. we cannot continue to go on with these politicians who do nothing but talk.
i hope newtown ct can now start to heal—but it won’t be easy!
it is a movement - not a campaign. leaving the past behind, changing our future. together, we will make america safe and great again!
who are your favorites on team power? team plan b?
i will be interviewed on this week with george s this morning. enjoy!
i am interviewed on this week on @abc this morning. enjoy!
fact – obama still has not fixed the backend of the obamacare website. this could be the greatest internet boondoggle in history.
i am in iowa. will be interviewed on this week with @gstephanopoulos this morning. enjoy!
if @megynkelly stopped covering me on her show, her ratings would drop like a rock! my h to h interview with @ac360 beat her by millions!
will be interviewed by @oreillyfactor tonight at 8 pm.
" @catspolitics : some of us never stopped ignoring him. rt @slate : only the really smart one's never stopped.!
stopped by @trumpdc to thank all of the tremendous men & women for their hard work!
will be interviewed on @foxandfriends now!
" @alexlevandoski : people who hate on you are really just jealous at their own lack of success. thanks for the inspiration mr. trump!" thanks
the justice department's investigation into the national security leaks is not independent. this is a very grave situation.
“the most important political office is that of the private citizen.” - justice louis d. brandeis
hillary clinton strongly stated that there was "absolutely no connection" between her private work and that of the state department. lie!
thank you @donaldjtrumpjr . proud of you!
whether you think you can or think you can't---you are right. -- henry ford
whether you think you can or think you can't, you're right. -- henry ford
"whether you think you can or think you can't--you're right." henry ford
" @bombasticsigma : can you just announce already that you're running for president so i can campaign for you.
if you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing, you're right. -- henry ford
the media is so after me on women wow, this is a tough business. nobody has more respect for women than donald trump!
the  women totally blow away the victoria’s secret women!
if america unlocked its energy potential, we would once again be the most powerful country in the world. washington is holding us back.
why can't the pundits be honest? hopefully we are all looking for a strong and great country again. i will make it strong and great! jobs!
new  . thank you america!
just finished the wonderful event on the . iowa. veterans for a strong america endorsed me. such a great honor, thank you!
" @pianobecca : first order of business for america is to elect donaldtrump. next is make america strong again! and he is the man to do it!"
"@mrtonyroberts1: greatest country on earth, the united states of america need a strong leader just like you! you are the best"
thank you - michigan!
where is the outrage for this disney book? is this the 'star of david' also? dishonest media!
the water damage to nyc is amazing. the winds were bad but the water was worse.
many people are equating brexit, and what is going on in great britain, with what is happening in the . people want their country back!
the last person that hillary or bernie want to run against is donald trump --- and that is fact!
. @cnn why is somebody (beck) i beat so soundly all of a sudden an expert on donald trump (all over television). she knows nothing about me.
. @jebbush has embarrassed himself & his family with his incompetent campaign for president. he should remain true to himself.
"there is only one way to avoid criticism: do nothing, say nothing, and be nothing."– aristotle
people are always asking me about the very special word, confidence. the fact is there is (almost) nothing like it. is derived from winning!
" @1simranjitsingh : i am a student myself. i cannot believe that obama, has doubled the interest rate on student loans. trump for president!"
make sure you take some time to enjoy the weekend. important for your mind and will help you be productive next week.
the united states needs great deals - and fast. we have to make our country rich again in order to make our country great again!
" @kathyshirer : your country needs you~~donald trump~~ your about the only one in the world; that can get us out of debt!" thank you!
i recorded robo calls for @perduesenate , @leezeldin & @stevekingia . all had record wins.
" @thebrodyfile : on the muslim issue: it might help @barackobama if he actually didn't come across as hostile to evangelicals in this country
@presidentstevie not when you are running for mayor!
"change is not a destination, just as hope is not a strategy." -- rudy giuliani
republicans are always saying obama is such a nice guy. when will they learn that he is not?
it’s amazing that people can say such bad things about me but if i say bad things about them, it becomes a national incident.
there usually is an easy solution to every problem. for instance, a lot of our country's problems can be solved in next year's election.
@mittromney can get people back to work.
" @mensamamma : you have to run p! you are the only person on the roster that can actually do the job! please, please p, run!"
" @jeanee31 : @seanhannity please please please donald trump run for president. i have been saying this for a long time .you are awesome"
" @jmontgomery1965 : please save us from this bs in dc, my heads going to pop off if any of these clowns get elected, please run.....please!"
" @grizzlybear9062 : donaldtrump @l3nny85 please run p the  . been going downhill since 9/11 we can be great again please be 100% in
tonight’s  will continue to impress. be sure to tune in tonight at 9pm et @nbc . it will be amazing.
i will be live tweeting during the @apprenticenbc tonight at 9pm et.
watch me on @hannityshow tonight at 9pm et on @foxnews .
"most people can learn from their own experiences quite well, but many ignore the experiences and lessons of others." -- the way to the top
" @rightjj ;: should definitely include you in the polls! why exclude someone with real life experiences in running things successfully?"
i hope everyone, or rather almost everyone, had a great easter! we need our leaders to make great and wise decisions in these troubled times
the worst thing hillary could do is have her husband campaign for her. just watch.
i will be on piers morgan live tonight at 9 . on cnn. tune in!
i am on @foxandfriends now! tune in!
thank you west virginia!
tune in for  on @squawkcnbc tomorrow morning.
could this ad campaign result in mad men & mad women?
crooked hillary -- makes history!
if the government doesn't start working together, the media is right & we will hit a "fiscal cliff." we need to avoid this.
only two weeks until we start shooting @celebapprentice . we really have something amazing for the fans this year.
the economy won't fully recover until @obamacare is fully repealed. it is a job killer!
let's not start celebrating over libya until we see who takes over.
" @bestphotosever : you need to run for pres. you would restore greatness to america, and have the ability to make a difference.  "
south carolina voters have the future of our country in their hands. vote now (today), and make america great again!
"government's first duty is to protect the people, not run their lives.” – president ronald reagan
@alancravey that is something to think about, isn't it!
i'm just so tired of listening to the same old rhetoric and words, day after day, from our president. it's time to stop talking-work!
will be on @megynkelly tonight at 9:00. will be talking about everything!
. @traceadkins isn’t excited about their ideas. are you?
for too many years, our inner cities have been left behind. i am going to deliver jobs, safety and protection for those in need.
our inner cities have been left behind. we will never have the resources to support our people if we have an open border.
for all of those who have been asking, a big cast announcement coming soon for @apprenticenbc !
have a great weekend everyone and for those of you that are young entrepreneurs, have fun but never stop thinking of the task ahead- victory
. @barackobama claims to have policies for working people...
spent time with indiana governor mike pence and family yesterday. very impressed, great people!
look forward to introducing governor mike pence (who has done a spectacular job in the great state of indiana). my first choice from start!
look forward to governor mike pence . introduction tomorrow in new york city.
departing now - thank you cedar rapids, iowa. this is a movement!
on my way to cedar falls, iowa, now. will be great--i love the people of iowa!
instinct has a lot to do with timing. you have to be patient & wait for your instincts to tell you the best time to make your move.
best ratings for the dateline show were for six months, not two months!
thank you for your support!
whether you like it or not, bush also gave us obama!
thank you for all of your support! let's  !
& together we will  ! thank you for your support!
thank you for your support! together we can  !
the republicans can absolutely win if they stick together-but they are not sticking together. sen. mccain just said "we can't win".very bad!
going on letterman now - let me know what you think - how did i do? here we go!
"what you dream about is what you do. if you cannot even dream of doing big things, you will never do anything big."--think big
“what you dream about is what you will do. if you cannot even dream of doing big things, you will never do anything big in life.”- think big
things happen that make you question whether you should keep going. as long as you are enjoying what you are doing, keep going.
the more you know, the more you realize how much you don't know. how can you possibly discover anything if you already know everything?
such a great honor to be the republican nominee for president of the united states. i will work hard and never let you down! america first!
remember, china is not a friend of the united states!
don't worry, the united states will be great again!
& together we will  ! thank you for your support!
thank you for your support! together we can  !
in business, you make decisions that are in your best interests. time for the us gov't to do the same. let’s make america great again!
thank you for all of your support! let's  !
" @yankeerunnerlv : tonight is perfect time for . to announce he's running for  let america know help is on way   "
isn’t it ironic that president obama, of all people, is pushing for ‘universal background checks?!'
. @oreillyfactor please explain to the very dumb and failing @glennbeck that i supported john mccain big league in 2008, not obama!
in addition to doing a lousy job in taking care of our vets, john mccain let us down by losing to barack obama in his run for president!
why would anybody listen to @mittromney ? he lost an election that should have easily been won against obama. by the way,so did john mccain!
why is senator john mccain in syria visiting with the rebels- make america great again!
my offer to obama is about transparency. in 2008, american people were sold on hope and change. this our last chance to get the full record.
celebrated doctor @billcassidy will be a tremendous senator. louisiana – send a conservative to the senate, vote for bill this november!
shooting deaths of police officers up 78% this year. we must restore law and order and protect our great law enforcement officers!
" @oldmanconroy : it's called "climate change". no, they changed it to "climate change" when "global warming" wasn't working anymore-too cold!
i will stand with police and protect all americans!
@forq2 are you making less than minimum wage, don't worry, the government will protect you. afraid to give your real name? you should be.
when the economy is bad, @barackobama wants to raise taxes. when the economy is good, @barackobama wants to raise taxes. notice a trend?
my plan will lower taxes for our country, not raise them. phony @club4growth says i will raise taxes—just another lie.
i will stand with police and protect all americans!
just made the point at  that "we have to protect our border & i think everyone here knows, nobody can build a wall like trump!"
" @jenniferjjacobs : trump: "protect the 2nd amendment...and by the way we’re going to be saying merry christmas again." iowa crowd loves it."
there won’t be any new gun legislation. no surprise. americans support the 2nd amendment.
i like mexico and love the spirit of mexican people, but we must protect our borders from people, from all over, pouring into the .
the ny safe act is an unconstitutional attack on 2nd amendment rights. will also increase crime.
the horrible shooting that took place in san bernardino was an absolute act of terror that many people knew about. why didn’t they report?
iran's attack on israeli diplomats is an attack on the west
don't attack syria - an attack that will bring nothing but trouble for the . focus on making our country strong and great again!
"we are what we repeatedly do. excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit." -- aristotle
it’s amazing how people can talk about me but i’m not allowed to talk about them.
all he does is go on television is talk, talk, talk, but incapable of doing anything.
i will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 - there is much to talk about (sadly)! enjoy!
will be interviewed tonight on @seanhannity at 10:00. there is so much to talk about!
i will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:00 . so much to talk about!
our country is totally divided and our enemies are watching. we are not looking good, we are not looking smart, we are not looking tough!
obama is looking rhetorical and weak. @mittromney is looking strong and sharp.
this was the republicans election to win. @mittromney is a good man but he just never connected with the people.
" @sirmikeadams : why would trump run for president? he likes to be able to get things done, government doesn't. it can all change!
look forward to introducing governor mike pence (who has done a spectacular job in the great state of indiana). my first choice from start!
“get in. get it done. get it done right. get out.” – fred c. trump (my father!)
“get in. get it done. get it done right. get out.” – my father, fred c. trump
gov mike pence has just stated that donald trump has taken a strong stance on hoosier jobs, and he thanks me! i will bring back jobs to usa.
hillary clinton is not qualified to be president because her judgement has been proven to be so bad! would be four more years of stupidity!
" @derekcarlson : people need to wake up mr. trump. you are the most qualified person to ever run for president of the united states.  "
" @johnnydollar01 : and people zinged donald trump for talking about ebola. how is this klain guy any more qualified?"actually, less qualified
" @dexcaliber : i have to confess, i think the mr. trump would have been a much better president then this fool we hav in office now."
with obama and bernanke destroying the value of the dollar, gold and real estate should continue to rise in value.
why do so many people say i hate president obama—i don’t hate the president at all. i just disagree with his policies!
who do you like - hate so far?
this is all about american weakness and an incompetent president.
“success isn't permanent and failure isn't fatal.” – mike ditka
what do you think so far?
looking forward to being at the convention tonight to watch all of the wonderful speakers including my wife, melania. place looks beautiful!
total misnomer to call obamacare ‘the affordable care act.’ affordable for whom besides big businesses & congress w/their exemptions?
the house voting to repeal was the first bipartisan vote on obamacare. the gop must continue to repeal, defund, disrupt!
the unaffordable care act, sometimes referred to as obamacare, is not working. millions of people are losing their plans and doctors-fraud!
obamacare not only has brought higher premiums, decreased care & loss of jobs but now .1% q1 growth. repeal before it is too late!
over 90% of american workers could lose their healthcare by 2020 thanks to obamacare. repeal before it is too late!
wow, pres. candidate ben carson, who is very weak on illegal immigration, just said he likes amnesty and a pathway to citizenship.
this is just not the right time for jeb bush. his campaign is in total disarray, too much staff being paid way too much money = . govt.
people are struggling to get gasoline for their cars--we are like a third world country.
while millions are being spent against me in attack ads, they are paid for by the “bosses” and “owners” of candidates. i am self funding.
“i don’t see the point of being politically correct if that means actually being incorrect.” – donald j. trump 'midas touch'
so with all of the obama tough talk on russia and the ukraine, they have already taken crimea and continue to push. that's what i said!
i will be going to the funeral of my friend joan rivers today. i got to know her really well when she became the winner of the apprentice!
the losing team is now back in boardroom. i can't discuss the team members or what's going on or what happens from here on out.
please tell me what is going on with the republicans?
" @rexhuppke : i'm holding off on forming an opinion on the ukraine situation until i hear what donald trump has to say about it." very smart!
amazing--obama speaks, market goes down-- tells cnbc he's buying stock---market goes up --- should not be that way!
" @drdoucette :  donaldtrump must be overjoyed that as soon as he sells the pageant it goes off the rails. we need you mr trump
“after every setback, start thinking big as soon as possible.” - think big
crooked hillary clinton is totally unfit to be our president-really bad judgement and a temperament, according to new book, which is a mess!
hillary clinton answered email questions differently last night than she has in the past. she is totally confused. unfit to serve as  .
crooked hillary called it totally wrong on brexit - she went with obama - and now she is saying we need her to lead. she would be a disaster
hillary clinton is unfit to be president. she has bad judgement, poor leadership skills and a very bad and destructive track record. change!
@susanmahoneyxo thank you susan.
please tell me what is going on with the republicans?
" @canizalvania : donald trump will never ever get old. ever." wow, what a nice thing to say!
who do you think won?
remember, go vote--we need real change this time.
" @oldmanconroy : it's called "climate change". no, they changed it to "climate change" when "global warming" wasn't working anymore-too cold!
there is no longer a bernie sanders "political revolution." he is turning out to be a weak and somewhat pathetic figure,wants it all to end!
the least number of hurricanes in the . in decades. so they change global warming (too cold) to climate change-now what will they call it
" @1muskyhunter : @suzannesaxx we need your leadership now in this country - enter the prez race please; time for real change  "
i will be on the situation room with @wolfblitzer from 5-7pm est on cnn
president obama wants to change the name of the "white house" because it is highly discriminating and not at all politically correct!
keep lightweight marco and his friends out of the white house.
we cannot let the failing republican establishment, who could not stop obama (twice), ruin the movement with millions of $'s in false ads!
" @jaredwyand : let's be clear..  is about "never someone we don't own" you either play into it & let them win or vote trump.
has pres. obama or the white house told the public what happened in algeria yet? where’s the media?
i'll be on @foxandfriends monday morning at 7:30 am. tune in!
thank you, south carolina!
thank you south carolina!
monday morning 7:30 am i'll be on @foxandfriends . tune in!
thank you for the support, south carolina!
" @realjoemurray :  is the best reality show on tv. this season was worth the wait! now run for president, mr. trump!"
when i was 18, people called me donald trump. when he was 18, @barackobama was barry soweto. weird.
"he who knows when he can fight and when he cannot, will be victorious." -- sun tzu
“he who knows when he can fight and when he cannot, will be victorious.” -- sun tzu
a-rod was a great player when he lived at trump park avenue--- even though he was on the juice!
only those who will risk going too far can possibly find out how far one can go. -- t. s. eliot
what do you think so far?
who do you like - hate so far?
i am attracting the biggest crowds, by far, and the best poll numbers, also by far. much of the media is totally dishonest. so sad!
how do you like the boardroom so far?
" @michael_haz donald, why don’t you go out to nevada & cut a deal for  ? no one is a better deal maker than you. go do it!" true!
the stock of my shirt and tie maker just hit an all-time high--great going--great product!
president obama & putin fail to reach deal on syria - so what else is new? obama is not a natural deal maker. only makes bad deals!
i’m a star maker- adrian has continued to receive many fans in @trumptowerny and @amandatmiller is definitely on the map!
" @poemtrees : counter sue for your loss of time if you want, but it might be easier to let it go~ glad you won.. and had justice~
the united states cannot continue to make such bad, one-sided trade deals. there are only so many jobs we can give up. no more!
we cannot solve our problems with the same thinking we used when we created them. -- albert einstein
when it comes to violent crime, and if we are going to solve the problem, we must stop being so politically correct-must tell it like it is!
" @mayrazayago : this is our favorite tower in chicago! we love it! we sit in front of it just to contemplate it!  "
why do we keep broadcasting when we are going to attack syria. why can't we just be quiet and, if we attack at all, catch them by surprise?
the invention of email has proven to be a very bad thing for crooked hillary in that it has proven her to be both incompetent and a liar!
it would be nice if our commander-in-chief was as concerned for our veterans health as he is for illegal immigrants becoming citizens.
crooked hillary has once again been proven to be a person who is dishonest, incompetent and of very bad judgement.
. @timtebow has tremendous talent and a proven ability to lead. he deserves to be in the @nfl .
more poll results from last nights commander-in-chief forum.
i will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:40. . enjoy!
will be interviewed on @morning_joe at 7:40. enjoy!
unemployment has been over 8% for a record 40 straight months. @mittromney 's election will end the @barackobama downturn.
tomorrow is  @squawkcnbc 7:40 am tune in!
washington will continue to run record deficits into the election. we are borrowing at a rate of $1.40 from china. truly unsustainable.
today is the first day of the rest of your life - make the most of it!
tonight's episode of @apprenticenbc is not only the best episode ever, it has a great lesson in life. don't miss it!
@lauren_faith01 thank your wonderful dad.
go out and vote--- this will be the most important election of our time!
" @lamodaya : in life you don´t get what you want, you get what you negotiate: donald trump"
sanders said only black lives matter - wow! hillary did not answer question!
black lives matter protesters totally disrupt hillary clinton event. she looked lost. this is not what we need with isis, china, russia etc.
we are going to win and make america great again, maybe better than ever before!
"the measure of who we are is what we do with what we have." --vince lombardi
"@ray_chipendo: we are able to do certain things only because we do not know they are impossible. donald trump"
my twitter account is now reaching more people than the new york times--not bad. and we're only going to get better!
" @sensanders : i have a message for donald trump: no, we’re not going to hate latinos, we’re not going to hate muslims." i fully agree!
really interesting, president obama was quick to shut down flights to isreal but is totally unwilling to shut down flights from west africa!
government is shut down yet obama is now harassing the privately owned @redskins to change its  needs to focus on his job!
we have many problems in our house (country!), and we need to fix them before we let visitors come over and stay. make america great again!
we have got to take our country back. it's time!
re-build the es not places that hate our country and everything we stand for!
in the upcoming new year we will focus like never before - if we do that we will have complete and total victory in all we do!
heroin overdoses are taking over our children and others in the midwest. coming in from our southern border. we need strong border & wall!
obama care is already having a devastating impact on our economy.
...bad decisions can be devastating.
entrepreneurs: everything starts with you. leadership is not a group effort--if you're in charge, then be in charge.
i just got off the phone with the great people of guam! thank you for your support!  today!
taxpayers are paying a fortune for the use of air force one on the campaign trail by president obama and crooked hillary. a total disgrace!
i am promising you a new legacy for america. we're going to create a new american future. thank you ohio!
...get along & make deals for the good of the country!
@swanrose2013 i create jobs!
" @maxmacgruder : the man who would've kept us right years ago, the man who will put us right in the future. the only real choice.  "
i like john mccain but we have to start rebuilding the united states instead of countries who hate us and want us to fail - be smart!
" @1simranjitsingh : i am a student myself. i cannot believe that obama, has doubled the interest rate on student loans. trump for president!"
we only want to admit those who love our people and support our values.
"whether you think you can or think you can't--you're right." henry ford
whether you think you can or think you can't, you're right. -- henry ford
" @pgwellman : you have influenced me to become an entrepreneur, i am still preparing my business plan. you're a good man, and thank you."
whether you think you can or think you can't---you are right. -- henry ford
"@toledosnow: you should run for president mr. trump! you're a great man and i would love to see what you could do for the united states!"
"@jak00seven: if you like how @hillaryclinton handled  , then you'll just her as commander-in-chief  "
i will be on @foxandfriends in ten minutes - enjoy!
my condolences and prayers to the victims of the terrorist attack in paris.
yet another terrorist attack, this time in turkey. will the world ever realize what is going on? so sad.
happy 8th anniversary to @melaniatrump .
. @katyperry katy, what the hell were you thinking when you married loser russell brand. there is a guy who has got nothing going, a waste!
without passion you don't have energy, without energy you have nothing!
i still can’t believe we left iraq without the oil.
without passion you don't have energy, and without energy, you don't have anything!
 @thequote : without passion you don't have energy, without energy you have nothing.  trump
" @annabelkarmel : “without passion you don’t have energy, without energy, you have nothing”   "
@scottymcd1980 have fun and thanks.
“set the example, and you’ll be a magnet for the right people. that’s the best way to work with people you like.” – think like a champion
“compete with yourself to be the best you can be.” – think like a champion
why is @randpaul allowed to take advantage of the people of kentucky by running for senator and pres. why should kentucky be back up plan?
"have passion for what you do and be efficient at the same time." - think like a champion
" @bestphotosever : i hope you'll announce you're running for president soon. america needs a smart leader w/ true love for country like you"
if the gop will have any chance to beat @barackobama in november, the great people of michigan need to support @mittromney 's candidacy.
our greatest weakness lies in giving up. the most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time. -- thomas a. edison
"our greatest weakness lies in giving up. the most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time." thomas a. edison
our greatest weakness lies in giving up. the most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time. --thomas a. edison
@ellavdw you have to love what you do--you need passion to succeed.
today is the first day of the rest of your life - make the most of it!
it seems @barackobama had our tax dollars buy guns for mexican drug lords that were used to kill americans. we need answers now.
"if you love what you do, you are going to work harder, you are going to try harder and you will be better at it." - think big
the republicans must use the debt ceiling as leverage to make a great deal!
remember, when guns are outlawed, only outlaws will have guns!
we have to make america great again!
happy birthday to my wonderful daughter, @ivankatrump .
@scottlara1961 have a happy birthday.
@clemensisland13 have a great time-happy birthday!
thanks everybody for the happy birthday greetings, but it’s actually the 10th birthday of the apprentice. my birthday is june 14th....
" @jipwabba hey man, today is my birthday & i was wondering if i could get a happy birthday from you, i'm a big fan of your work" happy bday!
more poll results from last nights commander-in-chief forum.
obama can attend a fundraiser every day but can’t be bothered to get briefed on national security. commander-in-chief?!
final poll results from nbc on last nights commander-in-chief forum. thank you!
we must do everything possible to keep this horrible terrorism outside the united states.
in trade, military and everything else, it will be america first! this will quickly lead to our ultimate goal: make america great again!
"things work out best for those who make the best of how things work out." -- john wooden
it's monday, how many more excuses will obama make today about the economy?
“your money should be at work at all times. even in the worst economy, there is no excuse." - think like a billionaire
“most of the time you will need to work hard and stay focused to get to the top – and then work even harder to stay there.” -think big
i am not only fighting crooked hillary, i am fighting the dishonest and corrupt media and her government protection process. people get it!
@daveyd147 find work that you love. you have to have passion. that provides motivation.
i can't believe that president obama isn't able or willing to make just one phone call to the family of kate e on pres-make call!
we should leave afghanistan immediately. no more wasted lives. if we have to go back in, we go in hard & quick. rebuild the us first.
i will be making a big speech tomorrow to discuss the failed policies and bad judgment of crooked hillary clinton.
we have to get tough with china before they destroy us.
looking like a really big night for republicans - a tremendous refutation of president obama and his failed policies!
"before kids can go places, they need a place to go" -- the motto of the police athletic league, an organization i'm very proud to support
" @patriot4657 : @megynkelly the other candidates are scared. trump tells it like it is. maybe rich, but talks like he is an everyday joe"
the failing @nytimes has gone nuts that crooked hillary is doing so badly. they are willing to say anything, has become a laughingstock rag!
i will make this right for our great vets!
many people look at successful people & don't see anything but the end result. they don't see all the work that went into getting there.
“successful people keep moving. they make mistakes, but they don't quit.” – conrad hilton
“if we get tough and make the hard choices, we can make america a rich nation—and respected—once again.” – time to get tough
“one reason many people do not do well in business is because they do not do well with people.” – midas touch
"all successful people are high energy people who are passionate about what they do. find a passion that energizes you." - think big
" @joelleangeli : donaldtrump for president! give someone with the knowledge and power to change this country the chance! you'd have my vote!"
sadly, because president obama has done such a poor job as president, you won't see another black president for generations!
"the system is rigged!"
" @suptsims it's scary to think we have obama for 2 more years. we need a leader like you to change the course of this nation!" thank you.
the trump organization is honored to be expanding our interests into dubai. the golf course will be the top course in the middle east.
tomorrow i will be tweeting on only one subject!
" @astock1058 looking to open my own businesses. any advice you can give on that subject?" find something you love doing--& never give up!
i wish good luck to all of the republican candidates that traveled to california to beg for money etc. from the koch brothers. puppets?
it seems there is never a problem for which @barackobama cannot find a reason for another speech and another tax.
we need another bush in office about as much as we need obama to have a 3rd term. no more bushes!
" @happygirl71929 : our current government doesn't have the balls to do what needs to be done....yet another reason for you to run!"
“a man always has two reasons for doing anything: a good reason and the real reason.” -- j. p. morgan
“one reason many people do not do well in business is because they do not do well with people.” – midas touch
most people do not know what presient obama is going to do to save his legacy. i do! he's got to get back to et syria-fix the usa
"the only way to do great work is to love what you do." – steve jobs
president obama, you have a big job to do. go to baltimore and bring both sides together. with proper leadership, it can be done! do it.
next she says she's being set up by omarosa to fail....is somebody confused?
crooked hillary called it totally wrong on brexit - she went with obama - and now she is saying we need her to lead. she would be a disaster
but whenever she sees me, she kisses my ass. she's disgusting. @bettemidler
" @realjuliemallen indeed she was  she also looks like she was beautiful person as well great moms matter they shape who wer" thank you
" @bryan_carpenter : @leezagibbons should win! she has grown so much and is a natural born leader! so professional and kind. she's a gift!"
ohio is losing jobs to mexico, now losing ford (and many others). kasich is weak on illegal immigration. we need strong borders now!
just said at  that "politicians are all talk and no action and we are all tired of it! we need action and results to move forward!"
let’s all take a moment to remember all of the heroes from a very tragic day that we cannot let happen again!
"@kencee11: we need you to run for potus. we need a real american, one with the same values that built this country.. go trump 2016 !"
we need much tougher, much smarter leadership - and we need it now!
" @thebrodyfile : on the muslim issue: it might help @barackobama if he didn't take five years to visit israel"
congrats to @erictrump and @laraleayunaska on a great five years!
. @foxandfriends in five minutes!
thank you, new hampshire!
thank you new hampshire!
new hampshire is a critical state for both candidates this year. i got to know new hampshire and love it.
big storm in new hampshire. moved my event to monday. will be there next four days.
leaving for new hampshire now. will be doing the @todayshow there, live at 7:00 . new @cbsnews poll of new hampshire: trump 38 carson 12!
. @genesimmons keep up the great work and congrats - we are proud of you!
congratulations to the @nyrangers on bringing the series home last night.
also, tomorrow night i will be going to boone and ames. really look forward to seeing all of my friends in iowa.
looking forward to the gop debate and the outcome of the ames straw poll. we must get a real leader.
i had a great time in iowa yesterday- record crowds, fantastic people!
michele bachmann got less than 1,200 more votes in the caucus than she did in the ames straw poll. very sad for her--a nice woman!
new iowa poll. thank you!
thank you @donaldjtrumpjr . proud of you!
" @b_thornton66 : if you were to run for president, you'd have my vote! you're what this country needs!   "
great job @erictrump ! proud of you!
i will stand with police and protect all americans!
rt @doralresort : thanks! rt @gem3wood : @donaldjtrumpjr you guys @doralresort have one hell of a leaderboard. love this tournament.
i am on @foxandfriends now! tune in!
the worst thing hillary could do is have her husband campaign for her. just watch.
i'll be on @foxandfriends on monday at 7:30 am. tune in!
i'll be on @foxandfriends on monday at 7:30 am--tune in!
i'll be on @foxandfriends on monday at 7:30 am...be sure to tune in.
i hope the mexican judge is more honest than the mexican businessmen who used the court system to avoid paying me the money they owe me.
don't let obama buy the election by handing out unlimited free money to states.
thank you pittsburgh, pennsylvania!
thank you pittsburgh, pennsylvania! will be back soon!
congratulations to the 2016  champions, pittsburgh @penguins !
president obama will go down as perhaps the worst president in the history of the united states!
such a great honor to be the republican nominee for president of the united states. i will work hard and never let you down! america first!
remember, china is not a friend of the united states!
our next vice president of the united states of america, gov. @mike_pence !
" @epilepsys will you or @erictrump try to be president of the united states? you could be a great president." thanks.
i'm not going to be watching much nfl football anymore. too time consuming, too boring, too many flags and too soft. focus on other things!
will be heading over to the debate soon. can you believe @cnn is "milking" it for almost 3 hours? too long, too many people on stage!
i don't know what it is, but i'm getting totally bored watching nfl football. too many penalties and far too soft! . off and back to work
"people who have the ability to work should. but with the government happy to send checks, too many of them don't."
whether @reppaulryan's plan is sound fiscal policy is not the relevant issue, the issue is strategic timing. why release it now?
while @mittromney only made a joke last friday, he touched on an issue that is very serious to millions of americans.
worst ever issue of @vanityfair magazine—bad food graydon carter should be fired!
this week we saw what obama care actually does when implemented. it is a losing issue for @barackobama and must be repealed.
" @thebrodyfile : on the muslim issue: it might help @barackobama if he didn't take five years to visit israel"
mike & mike in one minute!
on mike and mike, @espn in two minutes!
@mikepassmore so true mike.
" @robertpatrick @foxbusiness saying the day trump declares mike wallace will "take him seriously. you mean chris, mike was his great father.
. @mikeandmike i will be on the mike & mike show at 7.05 . (espn) - 10 minutes. will be fun, great guys! radio and .
why can't the pundits be honest? hopefully we are all looking for a strong and great country again. i will make it strong and great! jobs!
the republicans must face reality & create a strong & positive immigration policy--if not they will continue to lose elections.
who are your favorites on team power? team plan b?
" @pauladuvall2 : cruz will say anything that is contrary to what you have to say. if you're for motherhood, he'll be against it!"
what team would you choose to win?
i'm not going to be watching much nfl football anymore. too time consuming, too boring, too many flags and too soft. focus on other things!
the losing team is now back in boardroom. i can't discuss the team members or what's going on or what happens from here on out.
obamacare will destroy small business--the backbone of america's economy.
entrepreneurs: successful negotiation means knowing what the other side wants. you've got to know where they're coming from. pay attention!
president obama, our great leader, wants to declare martial law in new york city as a means of helping out with the "massive" storm.
"@mrkhanm87: everyone wants to be donald trump, yet no one knows what he has been through in past. no one wants to accept the hard work."
" @dsmerza : hello donald i have looked up to your success in business relations, since i was a teenager. i am a small business owner."
happy easter - have a great day!
happy easter to all, have a great day!
happy thanksgiving everyone, enjoy your day!
today is the first day of the rest of your life - make the most of it!
happy father's day to all, even the haters and losers!
have a happy, successful and healthy new year!
@susanvhinds a happy and healthy family.
wishing everyone a happy, healthy and prosperous new year!
. @barbarajwalters barbara—get better fast & stay healthy forever.
the only way for medicare and social security to remain solvent is if our economy is healthy. @barackobama doesn't get it.
is this boring or is it just me?
the mayweather decision is a disgrace!
why is it that the horrendous protesters, who scream, curse punch, shut down roads/doors during my rallies, are never blamed by media? sad!
the more you know, the more you realize how much you don't know. how can you possibly discover anything if you already know everything?
" @kata2bijak : i know a lot, but one thing i know is that i don't know everything. ~ donald trump"
" @fenitaayu1 : i know a lot, but one thing i know is that i don't know everything. ~ donald trump"
going on letterman now - let me know what you think - how did i do? here we go!
remember, if you do not promote yourself no one else will. when you have success, let people know about it.
" @blt21muttrades : people are just mad that you're doing so good so they are gonna do they're best to stop you. not gonna happen  "
the media is so after me on women wow, this is a tough business. nobody has more respect for women than donald trump!
we have a sacred duty to care for our vets and their families. veterans deserve universal access to care anywhere and anytime!
we all know that chess is a game of strategy. so is business. think about that and develop a strategy starting today.
we have all the cards. now is the time to make a great deal with iran.
as a stockholder in apple, they should get on with a larger screen iphone as a supplement—immediately.
my comments on a larger screen iphone were in addition to existing unit, not a replacement. screen should be 10% larger than samsung.
message to obama re: iran: “the worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it.” – the art of the deal
george ross and i have done some great real estate deals together. he’s a tough negotiator.
..... he knows i don’t respect him.
thank you, new hampshire!
thank you new hampshire!
new hampshire is a critical state for both candidates this year. i got to know new hampshire and love it.
thank you to the people of new hampshire, i love you! now, off to south carolina.
friday is the last day to enter the counting sheep for hire contest. click here  and you could win a trip
great shots of @trumptowerny
it's not whether you get knocked down, it's whether you get up. -- vince lombardi
whether you like it or not, bush also gave us obama!
“the great question is not whether you have failed, but whether you are content with failure.” - laurence j. peter
“get in. get it done. get it done right. get out.” – fred c. trump (my father!)
“get in. get it done. get it done right. get out.” – my father, fred c. trump
great, everyone is saying i did much better on @60minutes last week than president obama did tonight. i agree!
obama did much better than he did last time--but still lost decisively.
i am lowering taxes far more than any other candidate. any negotiated increase by congress to my proposal would still be lower than current!
obama spoke to the mexican president last week & did not mention umc sgt. tahmooressi. sad!
when will @barackobama release an actual budget?
president obama missed the deadline!
the united states needs to fix its own problems, of which there are many, first!
“simply take a big goal and mold yourself to become the person who can accomplish that goal.” – think big
make no mistake---fast and furious goes all the way to the white house.
fast and furious gun running goes all the way to the white house. we need answers now!
" @apprenticenbc : by the way — you will not want to miss  next week on  . that's all we're gonna say."
yesterday the white house claimed its isis strategy is a 'success.' tell that to the christians being beheaded. we need to hit isis hard!
republicans gave obama a free pass to the white house -- they just don't get it.
" @amandajoan40 : this is the first time in my adult life that i have been excited about an election   "
learn, work and think in equal proportions and you'll be going in the right direction.
@forq2 are you making less than minimum wage, don't worry, the government will protect you. afraid to give your real name? you should be.
@missusa olivia--we love you. you are doing a great job.
@brianchampagne @oliviaculpo olivia is great--x10.
@missuniverse @missusa @missteenusa @sherrihill olivia=a total winner!
entrepreneurs: brainpower is the ultimate leverage.
" @wizhether : donaldtrump keep it up! they're attacking you because they're afraid. you're winning! we who love our country have your back!"
we could make america great again by spreading obamacare throughout the world while at the same time dropping it from .!
while hillary said horrible things about my supporters, and while many of her supporters will never vote for me, i still respect them all!
is it the same kaine that took hundreds of thousands of dollars in gifts while governor of virginia and didn't get indicted while bob m did?
why do we always try to destroy our true champions and winners in this country, while at the same time leaving the losers alone? stupid!
with the very dangerous carjacking epidemic going on, especially in new york and new jersey, you would be lucky to have a gun for protection
fact – the tighter the gun laws, the more violence. the criminals will always have guns.
certain internet sites are like a bad epidemic that won't go away---others are terrific
“i have a very strict gun control policy: if there's a gun around, i want to be in control of it.” - clint eastwood
" @absabella p speaks the truth and will not back down!! that's why he will be our next president!!  "
this was the republicans election to win but they just blew it--reasons why to follow.
"@joedurak if jeb is the nominee hillary is our next president."
...american cancer society, and the dana farber cancer center.
thank you for your support!
"you have to love what you do or you are never going to be successful no matter what you do in life.” - think big
"you have to love what you do or you are never going to be successful no matter what you do in life." - think big
@piersmorgan . thanks piers, you helped make it so!
to entrepreneurs: watching you could be the motivation for your employees, so make it an example that will best serve your success.
our next president must stop china's rip-off of america.
@alyssamenasci you have to have passion for your work. that's crucial. then focus on it and don't give up.
can you imagine not taking snowden's passport away before he jetted happily away to foreign lands (where he gave away many . secrets).
thank you fort lauderdale, florida.
trump victorious in fort lauderdale litigation
thank you fort wayne, indiana!
if you're passionate about your work, you will never give up.
great poll- thank you nevada!
if you're going to be thinking, you may as well think big.
no member of congress should be eligible for re-election if our country's budget is not balanced---deficits not allowed!
" @wizhether : donaldtrump keep it up! they're attacking you because they're afraid. you're winning! we who love our country have your back!"
thank you america! together- we will  !
thank you for your support! together we can  !
thank you america! together, we will all  !
“if you want to be successful at anything in life, you have to be able to handle pressure.” – think big
advice from my father, fred c. trump: "know everything you can about what you're doing."
thank you south carolina!
thank you, south carolina!
thank you for the support, south carolina!
thank you for all of your support, south carolina!
thank you south carolina! together, we will make america great again!
“if you like your healthcare plan you can keep it.” = “i was born in hawaii.”
i employ many people in hawaii at my great hotel in honolulu. i’ll be there very soon. vote for me, hawaii!
what do you think obama will do when putin seizes alaska?
. @ajdelgado13 thank you so much for the nice words and support--really enjoy listening to your ideas and thoughts.
we can create jobs in the american economy by protecting our own manufacturing sector.
“strong men have sound ideas and the force to make these ideas effective.” -- andrew mellon
how can crooked hillary put her husband in charge of the economy when he was responsible for nafta, the worst economic deal in . history?
hillary said such nasty things about me, read directly off her teleprompter...but there was no emotion, no truth. just can't read speeches!
we should be focused on magnificently clean and healthy air and not distracted by the expensive hoax that is global warming!
give me clean, beautiful and healthy air - not the same old climate change (global warming) bullshit! i am tired of hearing this nonsense.
we should be focused on clean and beautiful air-not expensive and business closing global warming-a total hoax!
@susanvhinds a happy and healthy family.
i would like to wish everyone a happy and healthy new year. we must all work together to, finally, make america safe again and great again!
“if you want to be the best, you’d better be the best – in all aspects of business.” - think like a billionaire
“if you want the best, you’d better be the best – in all aspects of business.” – think like a billionaire
“set the example, and you’ll be a magnet for the right people. that’s the best way to work with people you like.” – think like a champion
“compete with yourself to be the best you can be.” – think like a champion
@spsmith78 so how is he allowed to get away with the crap he says?
our foreign policy decisions are dumbest in . history
i will be on the situation room with @wolfblitzer from 5-7pm est on cnn
it’s amazing how people can talk about me but i’m not allowed to talk about them.
thank you to all for the wonderful reviews of my foreign policy speech. i will soon be speaking in great detail on numerous other topics!
all he does is go on television is talk, talk, talk, but incapable of doing anything.
can you imagine if @barackobama had passed cap and trade?! energy costs would be double from already record highs.
answers to your tweets coming soon
china is a threat to america. they are not our friend.
what's more dangerous for the country--the iranian nuclear threat or @barackobama as president?
which team is your favorite?
the trump signature collection is the best menswear design for young entrepreneurs. great style & design exclusively available @macys .
" @ashleyheerding my favorite sky scraper in new york so far has definitely been trump tower. such a classy & timeless design. great job" thx
"they succeed, because they think they can." -- virgil
the republicans once again hold all the cards with the debt ceiling. they can get everything they want. focus!
@nymag in every interview new york magazine has done for years they ask the same question - "what do you think of donald trump?" beggars!
the mullahs are laughing at what they think is a very stupid president, @barackobama has "asked" for iran to return the drone
i hope the @rnc is ready for a third party if they blow this election because that is what they will face. they must fight hard.
. @berniesanders -who blew his campaign when he gave hillary a pass on her e-mail crime, said that i feel wages in america are too high. lie!
the worst thing hillary could do is have her husband campaign for her. just watch.
" @berniesanders : abc news spent 81 minutes on donald trump and only 20 seconds on our campaign. that's because @abc is smart!
good news is that my campaign has perhaps more cash than any campaign in the history of politics- b/c i stand 100% behind everything we do.
if hillary thinks she can unleash her husband, with his terrible record of women abuse, while playing the women's card on me, she's wrong!
did the boston terrorists register their guns? no. another example of why gun control legislation is not the answer!
there won’t be any new gun legislation. no surprise. americans support the 2nd amendment.
thanks everyone, they all said i won the debate. even won the @cnbc poll!
friday is the last day to enter the counting sheep for hire contest. click here  and you could win a trip
president obama missed the deadline!
it is fatal to enter any war without the will to win it. - douglas macarthur
don't let obama buy the election by handing out unlimited free money to states.
have any questions? send them in.  /a
many people have been asking me to answer questions. you can ask me questions at any time.
tweet me your questions for the next  ....
send me your questions to answer live from @twitternyc later this afternoon.
a letter to @cnn president jeff zucker-
. @barackobama wants to see 10 yrs of @mittromney 's tax returns--tell him "ok--but we want to see your college applications first.'
why did @mittromney give his tax returns without demanding that obama release his college records & applications in return?
i never want someone working for me who doesn’t want to be there--and in the same way, you shouldn’t want to be there, either.
the world economic forum now ranks the us the fifth most competitive economy in the world. we have fallen from first under @barackobama .
we have many problems in our house (country!), and we need to fix them before we let visitors come over and stay. make america great again!
@ellavdw you have to love what you do--you need passion to succeed.
for america to be great again we must have a president who has been successful and americans can learn from on how to succeed.
@tseay18 find work that you love--you have to be passionate about it to succeed. then focus and never give up!
@robertundefined work hard, study, read 'the art of the deal' and "midas touch"
"work hard, play hard and live to the hilt." - think like a billionaire
. @mittromney 's entire life and career have built prosperity and growth.
@dtrainyc work hard and thanks.
@mdahgod work hard (and smart!)
maybe some of the dead voters who helped get president obama elected can be brought back to life after signing up for obamacare.
“a man always has two reasons for doing anything: a good reason and the real reason.” -- j. p. morgan
@barackobama will attack iran in order to get re-elected.
off to nashville and the nra.
in order to get elected, @barackobama will start a war with iran.
so, so, so important - make america great again!
what do you think so far?
so, what did you think of my decision? what would you have done?
no-one has done more for people with disabilities than me. i have spent many millions of dollars to help out-and am happy to have done so!
don king, and so many other african americans who know me well and endorsed me, would not have done so if they thought i was a racist!
with obama and bernanke destroying the value of the dollar, gold and real estate should continue to rise in value.
" @sensanders : i have a message for donald trump: no, we’re not going to hate latinos, we’re not going to hate muslims." i fully agree!
" @malachinorris : donald j. trump is the very definition of the american success story. through trump we can bring back the american dream."
"@nishantagg23: donald trump is the only hope for a crumbling american economy. hope my american friends choose trump"
 @delans : trump tower is not a building, it is an event!  trump
@barackobama inherited $10.6 trillion in national debt---will leave after his first term with the debt at over $17.6 trillion.
national debt january 2009 = $10.6 trillion august 2016 = $19.4 trillion
@barackobama has already added $5 trillion to the national debt in less than 3 years. we must defeat him in 2012.
no cuts to welfare, no cuts to food stamps & not a single cut to obamacare, yet the new budget cuts military benefits. sad!
the republicans never should have agreed to this past summer's debt deal. military cuts will now come along with tax increases.
i've had enough of this - good night!
we only want to admit those who love our people and support our values.
i will bring our jobs back to the ., and keep our companies from leaving. nobody else can do it. our economy will "sing" again.
little marco rubio, the lightweight no show senator from florida, is set to be the "puppet" of the special interest koch brothers. watch!
i really like the koch brothers (members of my . club), but i don't want their money or anything else from them. cannot influence trump!
while i hear the koch brothers are in big financial trouble (oil), word is they have chosen little marco rubio, the lightweight from florida
i wish good luck to all of the republican candidates that traveled to california to beg for money etc. from the koch brothers. puppets?
i’m self funding my campaign but lobbyists & special interests for jeb & others are starting to do big ads—desperate! don’t believe them.
thank you north carolina!
thank you, north carolina!
thank you wilmington, north carolina!
a great night in raleigh, north carolina! thank you!
leaving for north carolina. big crowd, will be fun!
jack welch thinks sam palmisano, retired ceo of ibm, should be the next ceo of microsoft. interesting!
"the democrats' solution is the same solution they have for everything--tax, tax, tax. just one problem: it doesn't work"
if you're passionate about your work, you will never give up.
@phil_grech your not free, you'll never be free. you'll be back (if you ever left) because you can't help yourself!
" @wizhether : donaldtrump keep it up! they're attacking you because they're afraid. you're winning! we who love our country have your back!"
quote: "if you have health insurance, you're not getting hit with a tax."
trump will make america great!!!!
make america great again!
we have to make america great again!
thank you! we will make america great again!
make america great again! make america safe again!
thank you north carolina!
thank you, north carolina!
a great night in raleigh, north carolina! thank you!
thank you north carolina- get out &  on 11/8/2016!
the north carolina  was a great time. i loved meeting everyone. let's carry it to victory in november.
thank you, new hampshire!
thank you new hampshire!
will be on @morning_joe live from new hampshire - 7:00 . talking about the debate and more!
looking forward to speaking at saturday's @citizens_united @afphq freedom summit in manchester. second visit to new hampshire this year.
new hampshire is a critical state for both candidates this year. i got to know new hampshire and love it.
i'm at trump doral right now, tiger will tee off shortly.
@mcuban is very short off the tee - and his basketball sucks also!
. @mcuban is so short off the tee he can't have much of a punch. he's just a weak man with a big mouth!
see problems as a mind exercise. enjoy the challenge---and remember to keep focused on your goals.
all presidential candidates should immediately disavow their super pac’s. they're not only breaking the spirit of the law but the law itself
if obamacare is such a wonderful law then why does obama summarily change the law before an election?
thank you to our law enforcement officers!
my wife @melaniatrump , and my children will be featured on @foxnews with @greta - 7pme. enjoy!
"good investors are good students. it's as simple as that." - think like a billionaire
re: negotiation: view any conflict as an opportunity. be a diplomat as much as possible.
" @good_ggg @trumpgolf with good service at his clubs imagine the service mr trump could give american people as pres!" true!
some dope said i deleted a tweet about james g. there was no tweet and there was no delete-a totally fabricated story (nobody saw tweet).
"a general is just as good or just as bad as the troops under his command make him." --douglas macarthur
crooked hillary has been fighting isis, or whatever she has been doing, for years. now she has new ideas. it is time for change.
either miss pennsylvania will pay, her father will pay or her lawyers will pay. she hurt many people!
entrepreneurs: pay attention to details. if you don’t know everything about what you’re doing, you'll be in for some big surprises.
hillary's been failing for 30 years in not getting the job done - it will never change.
the final five—this has been a fight—and i think the fight will continue…
make sure to vote today. vote for real change. change that will deliver jobs and a free & strong america. vote for @mittromney .
"you can't tax business. business doesn't pay taxes. it collects taxes." ― ronald reagan
the hedge fund guys (gals) have to pay higher taxes asap. they are paying practically nothing. we must reduce taxes for the middle class!
make sure you realize that this ‘deal’ is only a stop gap a will be looking to raise even more taxes in the coming negotiation..
we pay a disproportionate share of the cost of . why? it is time to renegotiate, and the time is now!
it’s amazing that people can say such bad things about me but if i say bad things about them, it becomes a national incident.
don't worry, when our country starts hurting bad enough from all of the mistakes that are being made, we will start doing the right things.
“you may have to try a lot of things to get just one thing to work. that’s tenacity, and it’s critical to success.” – trump never give up
stop calling my office to do your show, i have more important things to do with my time--- nobody's watching you! @lawrence
i should host the  just to shake things up - this is not good!
the republican establishment, out of self preservation, is concerned w/ my high poll  more concerned are dems—i beat hillary heads up!
why are some more concerned with granting terrorist rights than protecting innocent americans?
i am more concerned about biden in the debate than i am about obama. be careful on thursday night!
hillary clinton's short speech is pandering to the worst instincts in our society. she should be ashamed of herself!
... time for the republicans to find someone new—and better.
" @deggow : just heard a 25 year old man say "i would rather work for donald trump than bernie sanders"it's time for me to leave this party."
" @pauladuvall2 : cruz will say anything that is contrary to what you have to say. if you're for motherhood, he'll be against it!"
obama better than last time, but again, @mittromney wins. good night.
“what counts is not necessarily the size of the dog in the fight - it's the size of the fight in the dog.” - dwight d. eisenhower
thank you west virginia!
the just out usa today national poll, where i lead by big numbers, shows that in a head to head matchup, i beat both hillary and bernie.
thank you america - great  polls!
voting for @govgaryjohnson is voting for obama--don't waste your vote!
if you live in a state with early voting, you should be voting as soon as possible. bring your friends and family with you.
hillary will never reform wall street. she is owned by wall street!
wall street paid for ad is a fraud, just like crooked hillary! their main line had nothing to do with women, and they knew it. apologize?
despite the establishment and the media’s best efforts, the people are speaking loudly and clearly. thank you to my amazing supporters!
occupy wall street is at it again- go out and get a job. it's actually easier work and far more rewarding.
jobs report is really bad - beyond the worst  bad day on wall street!
just shows that you can have all the cards and lose if you don’t know what you’re doing.
the more you know, the more you realize how much you don't know. how can you possibly discover anything if you already know everything?
remember, if you do not promote yourself no one else will. when you have success, let people know about it.
pay attention to details. if you don't know every aspect of what you're doing, you're setting yourself up for some big surprises.
re negotiation: know what you want & think about what the other side wants. know where they’re coming from & do not underestimate them.
on top of the disrespect shown by russia, don’t forget they still have snowden, who has given them (& everyone) massive us secrets.
do you believe that obama is giving weapons to "moderate rebels" in 't sure who they are. what the hell is he  turn on us
@seanhooligan6 @alexsalmond this is from someone who knows they are a disaster.
. @cnn is all negative when it comes to me. i don't watch it anymore.
many people ask me to review things. as i see them, i will do so.
“we would accomplish many more things if we did not think of them as impossible.” - vince lombardi
it has been a pleasure to make so many friends and meet so many great people on the trail this past cycle. we will fight on!
" @ryankainec1 : please run for president. it's been a long time since we've had an honest president. you are called to do great things."
" @charlesmarino8 : @3dot donaldtrump preach it brother! first election i've been excited about in many many years. since reagan to be exact"
do you think that hillary clinton will apologize to me for the lie she told about "the video" of me being used by isis. there is no video.
thank you des moines, iowa! governor @mike_pence and i appreciate your support!
on my way to iowa. will be landing in des moines in two hours. see ya!
a great evening in iowa! thank you des moines area community college for a great forum!
" @thebrodyfile : always great to visit with @thebrodyfile one-on-one with "the donald" in des moines this afternoon  "
great rally in new mexico, amazing crowd! now in . big rally in anaheim.
today is the 53rd anniversary of the march on washington - today we honor the enduring fight for justice, equality and opportunity.
happy 94th birthday to nelson mandela!
during primetime of the iowa caucus, cruz put out a release that @realbencarson was quitting the race, and to caucus (or vote) for cruz.
tremendous day in massachusetts and maine. thank you to everyone for making it so special!
"results are what matter. the bottom line is clearly the bottom line." --think like a champion
what bernie sanders really thinks of crooked hillary clinton.
many on the team and staff of bernie sanders have been treated badly by the hillary clinton campaign - and they like trump on trade, a lot!
obama keeps namedropping bill clinton-- he is no bill clinton.
we're coming up on the new year-it is really important that, despite so many stupid decisions being made in washington, we make it best ever
" @shrubshrub : i've said it before. i'll say it again. the turn down service at the @trumptoronto is the best in the world." thank you!
in the upcoming new year we will focus like never before - if we do that we will have complete and total victory in all we do!
"things turn out best for the people who make the best of the way things turn out." -- john wooden
tomorrow is the 10 year anniversary of the apprentice, one of the biggest hits in television history. how time flies!
why would @barackobama be spending millions of dollars to hide his records if there was nothing to hide?
" @nodakgus : this country is in dire need of a leader who is not beholden to special interest groups or to anyone - you are that leader!"
australia is a beautiful country with terrific people who love america.
" @karabeckley : @kylekisskiss couldn't agree more! please our country needs a true strong leader! i'm terrified for this country now!"
" @jeffjeffsc777 :the presidential candidates are about to be trumped this will be a landslide the country is ready for a leader with results"
" @feyerwoman74 : you sir, are inspiring and what the country needs for a leader. we need a proven businessman who is a born leader!"
call @melaniatrump today on @qvc at 5 pm est, say hello, and buy buy buy!
" @tytan01 : dear @cnn , after doing a quick google & twitter search there are over 15,000 women's groups supporting donaldtrump. stop lying."
the same people that built the obamacare website used, as the face of the website, someone who is not a us citizen. incompetent.
what team would you choose to win?
sugar @lord_sugar why don't you tell the public what you're really worth--they would be very disappointed.
"@toledosnow: you should run for president mr. trump! you're a great man and i would love to see what you could do for the united states!"
just shows that you can have all the cards and lose if you don’t know what you’re doing.
" @backontrackusa : the best thing about you becoming president would be getting to see you tell all of obama's lackeys " you're fired!"
broken promises. a broken billion dollar website. obamacare can’t be fixed. repeal!
thank you washington! honored to say, on behalf of our great movement, we have broken the all time record for votes in gop primary history.
in tampa, florida- thank you to all of our outstanding volunteers who want to  !
champions aren't made in the gyms. champions are made from something they have deep inside them - a desire, a dream, a vision. muhammad ali
" @bestmjpics : michael jackson with donald trump   "
“one man with courage is a majority.” - thomas jefferson
reggie jackson's statement on a-rod was 100% correct.
looking forward to meeting everyone at the north carolina gop this friday where i will be the keynote speaker at the dinner.
head of air force's anti-sexual assault unit arrested for sexual assault! it just seems that our country is not what it used to be.
becoming a us citizen is not a right, it’s a privilege.
was photo bombed yesterday by a wise guy when i left the set of @latenightjimmy ...
" @delna_42 : donaldtrump you're going to be the greatest president this country has ever seen. i hope you win.   "
" @trumptbird : dear i'm starting to believe that you're actually going to win!     "
this was the republicans election to win but they just blew it--reasons why to follow.
the republicans can absolutely win if they stick together-but they are not sticking together. sen. mccain just said "we can't win".very bad!
this was the republicans election to win. @mittromney is a good man but he just never connected with the people.
the silent majority- is silent no more! remember the importance of voting!
iran's attack on israeli diplomats is an attack on the west
don't attack syria - an attack that will bring nothing but trouble for the . focus on making our country strong and great again!
syria has prepared for an attack based on all of our "talk" - they have moved targeted ammunition and supplies to new ing!
my condolences and prayers to the victims of the terrorist attack in paris.
the attack on our libyan consulate was the worst attack on the us since 9/11. time for obama to come clean.
dave brubeck was great and will be missed!
we will only be the land of the free as long as we are home of the brave!
we need another bush in office about as much as we need obama to have a 3rd term. no more bushes!
" @roadrunnerkd : mr. trump you are the most qualified candidate. this nation needs your leadership, experience and wisdom.  "
if any candidate believes that with what we know today we still should have invaded iraq then they are unqualified to be commander-in-chief.
"@jak00seven: if you like how @hillaryclinton handled  , then you'll just her as commander-in-chief  "
more poll results from last nights commander-in-chief forum.
thank you to our fantastic veterans. the reviews and polls from almost everyone of my commander-in-chief presentation were great. nice!
do you believe this - iran wants to trade our 3 prisoners (not 4) for 19 prisoners held by the . should have been let go with last deal!
"@kencee11: we need you to run for potus. we need a real american, one with the same values that built this country.. go trump 2016 !"
jeb is fighting to defend a catastrophic event. i am fighting to make sure it doesn't happen  is too soft-we need tougher & sharper
how is bernie sanders going to defend our country if he can't even defend his own microphone? very sad!
we are going to win and make america great again, maybe better than ever before!
have a great and peaceful memorial day - but remember, there are people out there who don't want us to have peace. we must be strong!!!!
all presidential candidates should immediately disavow their super pac’s. they're not only breaking the spirit of the law but the law itself
if obamacare is such a wonderful law then why does obama summarily change the law before an election?
thank you to our law enforcement officers!
thank you to our amazing law enforcement officers!
thank you to the amazing law enforcement officers in colorado!
thank you, new hampshire!
thank you new hampshire!
thank you to the people of new hampshire, i love you! now, off to south carolina.
in tampa, florida- thank you to all of our outstanding volunteers who want to  !
fox news poll thank you, new hampshire!
" @sensanders : i have a message for donald trump: no, we’re not going to hate latinos, we’re not going to hate muslims." i fully agree!
hillary clinton's short speech is pandering to the worst instincts in our society. she should be ashamed of herself!
trust your instincts. they are there for a reason. without instincts, you'll have a hard time getting to--and staying at--the top.
i don't hate obama at all, i just think he is an absolutely terrible president, maybe the worst in our history!
re-build the es not places that hate our country and everything we stand for!
getting ready to go to iowa today. big crowd - will be a great day!
just got back from iowa, great people!
"@kencee11: we need you to run for potus. we need a real american, one with the same values that built this country.. go trump 2016 !"
more and more americans seem fed up with both parties----i agree.
"if you love what you do, you are going to work harder, you are going to try harder and you will be better at it." - think big
. @traceadkins says @joan_rivers is a gem. i agree. we all agree.
if you live in a state with early voting, you should be voting as soon as possible. bring your friends and family with you.
the same people that said i wouldn't run, or that i wouldn't lead or do well (1st place and leading by 21%), now say i won't beat hillary.
we must stop common core from controlling state & local curriculums. it is a federal grab of education. keep education local!
he @mittromney would do a great job on saturday night live. @nbcsnl
amazing evening at saturday night live!
" @hillsgypsydad05 : @foxandfriends awesome time on saturday night live mr. trump! thanks for being you!  " thank you!
television ratings for @nbcsnl saturday night live just came out and they were great - the best since 2011. very few protesters!
. @charleshurt you were great on @seanhannity last night. thanks for the nice words. make america great again!
let’s all take a moment to remember all of the heroes from a very tragic day that we cannot let happen again!
i will be on @foxandfriends in ten minutes - enjoy!
happy birthday @ivankatrump ! you are an amazing daughter!
happy birthday to my wonderful daughter, @ivankatrump .
thanks everybody for the happy birthday greetings, but it’s actually the 10th birthday of the apprentice. my birthday is june 14th....
" @jipwabba hey man, today is my birthday & i was wondering if i could get a happy birthday from you, i'm a big fan of your work" happy bday!
so many veterans groups are beyond happy with all of the money i raised/gave! it was my great honor - they do an amazing job.
why are some more concerned with granting terrorist rights than protecting innocent americans?
great poll- thank you nevada!
the iran nuclear deal is a terrible one for the united states and the world. it does nothing but make iran rich and will lead to catastrophe
@foxandfriends in two minutes.
on @foxandfriends in two minutes!
is this boring or is it just me?
it was great being in michigan. remember, i am the only presidential candidate who will bring jobs back to the  protect car industry!
why is obama’s auto bailout now creating jobs in china? he is ruining american industry.
how does this cast look to you? pretty amazing.
. is a good choice - also, nice guy!
"@swamp_bug: @seanhannity cruz is my second/third choice. carson is also a good man. i look at it as war, so my choice is trump."
@kennethhazlett an answer would not be pretty!
" @paul1994loan you would be the most straightforward prez weve ever had. i dont see you reading prepared speeches off a teleprompter"
the movie may be garbage but we can’t let a foreign country dictate to us what to watch. @sonypictures
hillary clinton does not have the strength or stamina to be president. we need strong and super smart for our next leader - or trouble!
our foreign policy decisions are dumbest in . history
obama's foreign policy is a complete and total disaster--the worst president we have ever had.
we fight to free libya and they kill our ambassador and other americans. obama's foreign policy is a joke.
make sure you get out and vote...most important election of our generation...go romney!
" @mikeliberation : this is the best reaction shot i've ever seen lol  "
re: hiring contractors, remember the cheapest isn't always the best. their work may have to be redone & they may not be reliable.
while hillary said horrible things about my supporters, and while many of her supporters will never vote for me, i still respect them all!
great evening in san jose other than the thugs. my supporters are far tougher if they want to be, but fortunately they are not hostile.
" @prochekhomeinsp : would be the greatest start to the new year that i could ever imagine!!! happy new year mr. trump and team!!!"
" @lukebrinker : one year from today.  "
i am promising you a new legacy for america. we're going to create a new american future. thank you ohio!
everybody knows why obama would not show his college applications --- they are just not willing to say!
“a leader does not deserve the name unless he is willing occasionally to stand alone.” - henry a. kissinger
republicans have very strong hand in their fight against obamacare-lets see if they are willing and able to play it "tuff"!
if hillary thinks she can unleash her husband, with his terrible record of women abuse, while playing the women's card on me, she's wrong!
" @thtswhtkelsaid : i'm fed up w/ dc playing 3 card monty w/ our tax $'s. it's time we the people play the trump card, & take back our country
@tigerwoods great playing, you are the best!
crooked hillary has zero leadership ability. as bernie sanders says, she has bad judgement. constantly playing the women's card - it is sad!
why is obama playing basketball today? that is why our country is in trouble!
i'm not going to be watching much nfl football anymore. too time consuming, too boring, too many flags and too soft. focus on other things!
this is just not the right time for jeb bush. his campaign is in total disarray, too much staff being paid way too much money = . govt.
@mdahgod not much, it's too easy!
will be heading over to the debate soon. can you believe @cnn is "milking" it for almost 3 hours? too long, too many people on stage!
too bad about new york magazine, but there's a much bigger one out there, currently doing a story on me to get even, that i'll soon discuss!
thank you, new hampshire!
thank you new hampshire!
new hampshire is a critical state for both candidates this year. i got to know new hampshire and love it.
leaving for new hampshire now. will be doing the @todayshow there, live at 7:00 . new @cbsnews poll of new hampshire: trump 38 carson 12!
thank you to the people of new hampshire, i love you! now, off to south carolina.
" @thumpmomma : i likewise saw militant muslims burning our flag and burning george bush photos and figures, right after 9/11! not
we need another bush in office about as much as we need obama to have a 3rd term. no more bushes!
looking forward to touring the @sigsauerinc world headquarters tomorrow! one of the top gun manufacturers in the us!
off to nashville and the nra.
the most stringent gun laws in the . happen to be in chicago - and look what is happening there!
fast and furious gun running goes all the way to the white house. we need answers now!
voting for @govgaryjohnson is voting for obama--don't waste your vote!
if you live in a state with early voting, you should be voting as soon as possible. bring your friends and family with you.
for success: find out what you love to do. trust yourself enough to find out what is best for you and what you're best at doing...
@tracypelota go for better location.
re real estate: you don’t necessarily need the best location. what you need is the best deal…
another great cause obama could send my $5m donation to is a charity for 9/11 first responders. they are american heroes.
my twitter account is now reaching more people than the new york times--not bad. and we're only going to get better!
never bet against bob kraft, bill belichick or tom brady! @patriots
golf match? i've won 18 club championships including this weekend. @mcuban swings like a little girl with no power or talent. mark's a loser
one of the best produced, including the incredible stage & set, in the history of conventions. great unity! big . ratings! @karlrove
obama is laughing at karl rove & all the losers who spent hundreds of millions of dollars and didn’t win one race, including the big one!
china's business interests reach far and wide---even domestically within our borders. we need to reassess our relationship.
" @malachinorris : donald j. trump is the very definition of the american success story. through trump we can bring back the american dream."
obamacare will destroy small business--the backbone of america's economy.
thank you! together we will  !
thank you america! together- we will  !
thank you america! together, we will all  !
& together we will  ! thank you for your support!
thank you for your support! together we can  !
who thinks that president obama is totally incompetent?
" @patrickweeks : “it’s  , it’s  , it’s  . it’s  , from my standpoint, and i just love  .” ~ donald
"you can have the best product in the world, but if people don't know about it, it's not going to be worth much." the art of the deal
"you can have the best product in the world, but if people don't know about it, it's not going to be worth much." - the art of the deal
“you can have the most wonderful product in the world, but if people don’t know about it, it’s not worth much.” - the art of the deal
make sure to enjoy your time with your family during the holiday. it is a special time. love and appreciate your family.
"but why shouldn't i speak out? don't you speak out in this country?" - george steinbrenner
" @matthew_erdman : donaldtrump you built a beautiful high-rise, you pay your taxes, you should be able to put up whatever signage you want."
entrepreneurs: everything starts with you. realize that you're in charge. whatever happens, you're responsible.
welcome to twitter, @melaniatrump !
new  . thank you america!
i give secretary of state john kerry credit for working and trying hard, but he has zero negotiating ability!
@arsenioofficial not everybody has good trump judgment.
have you heard? china just told obama to jump. obama asked how high.
thank you america! together- we will  !
thank you america! together, we will all  !
in the upcoming new year we will focus like never before - if we do that we will have complete and total victory in all we do!
"there is only one way to avoid criticism: do nothing, say nothing, and be nothing."– aristotle
thank you! together we will  !
this was the reporters statement- when she found out there was tape from my facility, she changed her tune.
crooked hillary called it totally wrong on brexit - she went with obama - and now she is saying we need her to lead. she would be a disaster
looks like @omarosa is up to the challenge.
i was nice to loser @rosie and she attacked me--it just shows never let up with a bully. they only fade when you hit them hard!
honest omarosa: she won't backstab-she'll come at you from the front.
“if you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough.” - albert einstein
"sooner or later, those who win are those who think they can." --paul tournier
only those who will risk going too far can possibly find out how far one can go. -- t. s. eliot
isn’t it ironic that president obama, of all people, is pushing for ‘universal background checks?!'
i will be live tweeting during the debate tonight.
i will be live tweeting during tonight's  9 pm et @nbc
i will be live tweeting during the @apprenticenbc tonight at 9pm et.
live tweeting during tonight's vp debate...should be a great time
looking forward to live tweeting during the rest of the debates. will be a lot of fun.
remember this: obama wants to raise taxes, @mittromney wants to lower taxes--need i say more!
before you vote, think: obama wants to raise taxes, @mittromney wants to lower taxes--need i say more!
the only job @barackobama cares about is his own. everything he does is for his own reelection.
"the bend in the road is not the end of the road unless you refuse to take the turn." – anonymous
it is a movement - not a campaign. leaving the past behind, changing our future. together, we will make america safe and great again!
thank you! together we will  !
be passionate--you have to love what you're doing to be successful at it.
did you ever not do something that had you done it would have turned out to be a disaster. never look back, just learn from your experience!
so, what did you think of my decision? what would you have done?
for america to be great again we must have a president who has been successful and americans can learn from on how to succeed.
"you have to love what you do or you are never going to be successful no matter what you do in life." - think big
thank you, new hampshire!
thank you new hampshire!
follow @trumpnh for all the updates on my new hampshire political activities. looking forward to returning to the granite state on may 14!
thank you to the people of new hampshire, i love you! now, off to south carolina.
new hampshire is a critical state for both candidates this year. i got to know new hampshire and love it.
in the upcoming new year we will focus like never before - if we do that we will have complete and total victory in all we do!
why can't the media tell the truth - we would all be so much better off!
why do we keep broadcasting when we are going to attack syria. why can't we just be quiet and, if we attack at all, catch them by surprise?
thank you america! together, we will all  !
we are one nation. when one hurts, we all hurt. we must all work together-to lift each other up.
president obama has just reached an all-time low approval rating! is anybody surprised? the happiest person is former president jimmy carter
fast and furious gun running goes all the way to the white house. we need answers now!
president obama's approval rating, at 38%, is at an all-time low. gee, i wonder why?
with our record debt & trillion $ deficits, our $ is now at an all-time low against the chinese yuan. time for our gov't to work together.
the dollar is at an all-time wwii low against the yen. the fed's recklessness is going to lead to record inflation.
i'm not going to be watching much nfl football anymore. too time consuming, too boring, too many flags and too soft. focus on other things!
@alyx518 and many other countries!
"rosechem1 one of the reasons that i like you is because i feel that old american greatness in your mentality. it makes me feel hope!" thx.
why is the @gop congress focusing on amnesty when so many americans are unemployed?
today we remember and honor our fellow americans and nypd and fdny who fell 11 years ago.
thank you new hampshire!
thank you, new hampshire!
such great support in new hampshire. so many people are working so hard to  !
thanks for all of the great support but i just don't see myself wanting to run for governor of new york - i have something else in mind!
new hampshire vote today - make america great again!
our country has to come together. we have to start working with, and really liking, each other. the whole world is watching baltimore.
we are one nation. when one hurts, we all hurt. we must all work together-to lift each other up.
we are one nation. when one state hurts, we all hurt. we must all work together - to lift each other up.
we only want to admit those who love our people and support our values.
congress should be worried about american workers not people who came into our country by breaking our laws.
the president’s speech was very combative toward republicans—they have obviously not earned his respect!
i don't want to be the only billionaire in america---i want all americans to be rich.
i never want someone working for me who doesn’t want to be there--and in the same way, you shouldn’t want to be there, either.
i'm giving away money! 11am trump tower. be there or be left behind!
thank you @donaldjtrumpjr . proud of you!
poll - thank you!
thank you- new york! i love you!
thank you new york! i love you!
i love you arizona! thank you!
" @nbcsnl : backstage with trump.   "
. @ac360 anderson, so amazing. your mother is, and always has been, an incredible woman!
. @ivankatrump looks like a movie star from the days of glamour and beauty.
the oscar broadcast is really boring - where is the glamour and beauty?
what ever happened to the good old days of the academy awards. this show is an insult to the past, just plain bad!
@squawkcnbc --tomorrow at 7:30 am. tune in!
i'm on @foxandfriends this monday at 7:30 am. tune in!
tomorrow is  on @squawkcnbc at 7:30 am et
tomorrow is  on @squawkcnbc at 7:30 am. tune in!
i'll be on @foxandfriends monday at 7:30 am. tune in!
“i have a very strict gun control policy: if there's a gun around, i want to be in control of it.” - clint eastwood
poll - thank you!
new  . thank you america!
thank you - so nice.
thank you @greta .
thank you- new york! i love you!
we should leave afghanistan immediately. no more wasted lives. if we have to go back in, we go in hard & quick. rebuild the us first.
sec of state kerry said we would not go back to iraq. we shouldn’t, but he should not have said that. so stupid!
is the boston killer eligible for obama care to bring him back to health?
the deal with iran will go down as one of the most incompetent ever made. the . lost on virtually every point. we just don't win anymore!
will go back on for a final question now!
wages in are country are too low, good jobs are too few, and people have lost faith in our  need smart and strong leadership now!
i'm not going to be watching much nfl football anymore. too time consuming, too boring, too many flags and too soft. focus on other things!
" @karentalk : @foxandfriends @kilmeade we know you are a patriot..we are grateful for you..you love america..america loves you."
new  . thank you america!
" @backontrackusa :not only is america not leading in the world anymore, under obama america is destabilizing the world & making it dangerous.
on 9/11, we pray for the victims and their families of the attack and give thanks to all who have sacrificed for justice & our freedom.
doing fox & friends at 7 .
" @oldmanconroy : it's called "climate change". no, they changed it to "climate change" when "global warming" wasn't working anymore-too cold!
just said at  that "politicians are all talk and no action and we are all tired of it! we need action and results to move forward!"
“to keep your goals alive you must take action every day. no one should care about your money and success more than you do.” -- think big
the least number of hurricanes in the . in decades. so they change global warming (too cold) to climate change-now what will they call it
wow, record setting cold temperatures throughout large parts of the country. must be global warming, i mean climate change!
have any questions? send them in.  /a
the media is so after me on women wow, this is a tough business. nobody has more respect for women than donald trump!
" @forbes : “if donald trump puts his name on x, it will sell for 3.7 times more than it would otherwise.” nice!
. @robertjeffress i greatly appreciate your kind words last night on @foxnews . have great love for the evangelicals -- great respect for you.
..... he knows i don’t respect him.
" @worldreachtech : @greta gotta respect donald, greta. if ever anyone nailed obama for who and what he really is and has done it's donald."
thank you for your support! together we can  !
thank you! together we will  !
iraq is no longer our problem. we never should have been there in the first place!
we cannot solve our problems with the same thinking we used when we created them. -- albert einstein
when it comes to violent crime, and if we are going to solve the problem, we must stop being so politically correct-must tell it like it is!
rt @doralresort : thanks! rt @gem3wood : @donaldjtrumpjr you guys @doralresort have one hell of a leaderboard. love this tournament.
. @alexsalmond rt @islandbluenose you'll be doing us in scotland a great service if you win. good luck.
the global warming we should be worried about is the global warming caused by nuclear weapons in the hands of crazy or incompetent leaders!
if you're going to be thinking, you may as well think big.
"even if you're on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there." --will rogers
...if you plan for the worst—if you can live with the worst—the good will always take care of itself.
if you don't believe in yourself, no one else will.
if you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing, you're right. -- henry ford
@teerellz_95 you have no chance!
if the saudis are so concerned about syria then they should go in themselves. stop telling us to do their dirty work.
are the republicans going to blow their chance to take the senate? must focus on obamacare and amnesty.
i don't want to be the only billionaire in america---i want all americans to be rich.
if the people so violently shot down in paris had guns, at least they would have had a fighting chance.
remember, don't believe "sources said" by the very dishonest media. if they don't name the sources, the sources don't exist.
anytime you see a story about me or my campaign saying "sources said," do not believe it. there are no sources, they are just made up lies!
by the way, new york state must lower taxes (and fast) and must start going after all of the "energy" that lies just below our feet (now)!
without passion you don't have energy, without energy you have nothing. find work that you love and the energy will be there.
iran's attack on israeli diplomats is an attack on the west
don't attack syria - an attack that will bring nothing but trouble for the . focus on making our country strong and great again!
the attack on our libyan consulate was the worst attack on the us since 9/11. time for obama to come clean.
with our border not being secure, obama is giving a pathway to terrorists to enter our country. an attack is on him.
newt attacks on @mittromney record at bain an attack on free enterprise and entrepreneurship. mistake!
we have a sacred duty to care for our vets and their families. veterans deserve universal access to care anywhere and anytime!
we have a sacred duty to care for our vets and their families. our vets are owed full access to healthcare anytime & anywhere!
i have a proven track record supporting our veterans. veterans deserve universal access to care. va scandal proves politicians are inept.
all those politicians in washington and not one good negotiator.
thank you to our law enforcement officers!
thank you to our amazing law enforcement officers!
the democratic convention has paid zero respect to the great police and law enforcement professionals of our country. no recognition - sad!
thank you to all law enforcement agencies for a fabulous job!
thank you to the amazing law enforcement officers in colorado!
the least number of hurricanes in the . in decades. so they change global warming (too cold) to climate change-now what will they call it
"@midnite_pumpkin: you're the  need you as our president. not a man who gives free money away like  work hard for our money!"
thank you to all of the men and women who have served our country. you are our true heroes!
" @wizhether : donaldtrump keep it up! they're attacking you because they're afraid. you're winning! we who love our country have your back!"
entrepreneurs: everything starts with you. realize that you're in charge. whatever happens, you're responsible.
" @yankeerunnerlv :whether you run or not(praying u do) your getting my  am writing you in if you don't  our best hope  "
do the people of ohio know that john kasich is strongly in favor of common core! in other words, education of your children from . no way
we will only be the land of the free as long as we are home of the brave!
" @pctech181 : for american prosperity, now and for our children's children, there is only one choice. donald trump for president 2016-24."
the @erictrumpfdn is doing amazing work helping the children...
as usual, the "storm of the century" was not nearly as bad as forecast. what a waste of time, energy and money!
so many in the african-american community are doing so badly, poverty and crime way up, employment and jobs way down: i will fix it, promise
our country does not feel 'great already' to the millions of wonderful people living in poverty, violence and despair.
what do african-americans and hispanics have to lose by going with me. look at the poverty, crime and educational statistics. i will fix it!
to the african-american community: the democrats have failed you for fifty years, high crime, poor schools, no jobs. i will fix it, vote "t"
. @mittromney looks much stronger and much more presidential!
thank you- new york! i love you!
thank you new york! i love you!
thank you new york, and pennsylvania!
thank you new york, i will never forget!
thank you california, maryland, new york, and pennsylvania! see you soon!
i very much look forward to tomorrow’s debate in new hampshire—so many things to say, so much at stake. it will be an incredible evening!
i'm not going to be watching much nfl football anymore. too time consuming, too boring, too many flags and too soft. focus on other things!
where is the progress in the state of new york over the last three years? there is none--only backwards.
. @mittromney looks much calmer, and obama should stop nodding his head backwards and forward.
i will be interviewed by @seanhannity tonight at 10:00 on @foxnews . much, much, much to talk about!
a vote for @ronpaul is a totally wasted vote. if he wins iowa---bad for iowa's credibility.
good move by aubrey to be the red-headed model they didn’t have.
detroit is going through very hard times right now.. if they are smart, brighter days are ahead.
thank you cleveland. we love you and will be back many times!
in any business, there will be ups and downs. if you can weather the rough times your success will be even greater during high times.
my twitter account is now reaching more people than the new york times--not bad. and we're only going to get better!
ask yourself, "is this a blip or is it a catastrophe?" and your equilibrium will be kept in check if hard times hit.
do you think i made the right decision?
"@reexaminelife monday i lectured 2 college students that what makes u so successful is you always exceed your customers expectations" thx.
the most stringent gun laws in the . happen to be in chicago - and look what is happening there!
many people are equating brexit, and what is going on in great britain, with what is happening in the . people want their country back!
" @sheryl_laine : donaldtrump not one thing about you is not loved. 2016 president! there is hope and where there is hope there is promise
a good question for would-be entrepreneurs to ask themselves: what am i pretending not to see? there are a lot of opportunities out there.
" @chrissergeant : @thomas thanks for the endorsement but there's far more entertaining folk than me out there. there's donald trump for one."
tweet me your questions to answer.
getting ready to answer your questions.
please tweet me your questions to answer in my  .
many people have been asking me to answer questions. you can ask me questions at any time.
in answer to your questions about my favorite impersonator, the answer is darrell hammond.
" @tbi_armywife : thank you for a wonderful gathering and for supporting the  . proud to be a texas fellow @dolefoundation "
thank you - michigan!
broken promises. a broken billion dollar website. obamacare can’t be fixed. repeal!
what team would you choose to win?
"@keemstarx: mexican criminals coming into usa? yes did trump say we need to stop them? yes did he say mexicans are good? yes racism? no"
it’s amazing that people can say such bad things about me but if i say bad things about them, it becomes a national incident.
get rid of all of these commercials.
" @cj112connie i don't get the media??trump is ahead in every poll, but won't give him credit, they say he won't make it?? 60% of us say yes"
fact – the tighter the gun laws, the more violence. the criminals will always have guns.
the u-6 real unemployment rate is even scarier than the national unemployment rate. @barackobama is overseeing a depression.
american homeownership rate in q2 2016 was 62.9% - lowest rate in 51yrs. we will bring back the 'american dream!'
poll numbers way up - making big progress!
under obama, iran has taken over iraq, al qaeda has taken over libya, the muslim brotherhood now controls egypt. worst foreign policy ever.
young entrepeneurs: think big, stay motivated & always remain confident. the sky is the limit.
when will anyone be held accountable for the va scandal? the politicians are experts in never facing any consequence.
make sure you get out and vote...most important election of our generation...go romney!
go out and vote--- this will be the most important election of our time!
we always make sure to have great nyc locations for the task delivery.
today is the first day of the rest of your life - make the most of it!
thank you to teachers across america! when i become potus we will make education a far more important component of our life than it is now.
. @gma at 7:00 .
" @nbcsnl : backstage with trump.   "
" @_bri : this is the first election i'll be able to vote, and my vote goes to trump because i want to live in a great country!  "
still time to get out and vote!
make sure to vote today. vote for real change. change that will deliver jobs and a free & strong america. vote for @mittromney .
go out and vote--- this will be the most important election of our time!
" @alexdavischevy : next pres. election is the first ill be old enough to vote in. would vote for you in a heartbeat!   "
we have a sacred duty to care for our vets and their families. veterans deserve universal access to care anywhere and anytime!
how do you take care of our people if you don't make anything? we don't make anything. we are rapidly losing our manufacturing to china etc.
the worst thing hillary could do is have her husband campaign for her. just watch.
iraq is far worse and of more danger to the . now than it ever was under saddam hussein - and this after $2 trillion and so many lives!
" @jeffreyguterman : years ago t said if us removed saddam hussein from iraq, somebody worse would replace him. he was right about that:
remember when i said when saddam hussein fell - the new leader of iraq will be meaner and tougher and hate the . even more. welcome isis!
" @oldmanconroy : it's called "climate change". no, they changed it to "climate change" when "global warming" wasn't working anymore-too cold!
the weather has been so cold for so long that the global warming hoaxsters were forced to change the name to climate change to keep $ flow!
are the republicans going to blow their chance to take the senate? must focus on obamacare and amnesty.
@gop house has the right bill: “if you like your healthcare plan, you can keep it.” the senate must take it up on a vote!
the least number of hurricanes in the . in decades. so they change global warming (too cold) to climate change-now what will they call it
" @sensanders : i have a message for donald trump: no, we’re not going to hate latinos, we’re not going to hate muslims." i fully agree!
i will be tweeting live tonight during celebrity apprentice - 9 o'clock on nbc!
again, don’t forget to watch @hannityshow tonight on fox at 9 o’clock est.
it is going to be a long and tough road to turn around cnn - they are looking at the wrong people!
"things turn out best for the people who make the best of the way things turn out." -- john wooden
@gop house has the right bill: “if you like your healthcare plan, you can keep it.” the senate must take it up on a vote!
" @sensanders : i have a message for donald trump: no, we’re not going to hate latinos, we’re not going to hate muslims." i fully agree!
will be back soon virginia. we are going to make america great again!
"if you're going through hell, keep going." -- winston churchill
"if you're going through hell, keep going." --winston churchill
" @wizhether : donaldtrump keep it up! they're attacking you because they're afraid. you're winning! we who love our country have your back!"
just got back from the iowa state fair. record crowds, phenomenal people. thank you iowa, i will never let you down!
why are we building a $1billion embassy in iraq when the country kicked us out, didn't give us any oil & is about to get taken over by iran?
how is it possible that the people of the great state of colorado never got to vote in the republican primary? great anger - totally unfair!
leaving now - i'm spending the entire day in iowa - great people, great state!
thank you anaheim, california!
stopped by @trumpdc to thank all of the tremendous men & women for their hard work!
crooked hillary clinton said she is used to "dealing with men who get off the reservation." actually, she has done poorly with such men!
" @hmunjal : you're one of the most educated, handsome and sophisticated men that i know of. men should aspire to be like you." thank you!
can you believe the worst mayor in the ., & probably the worst mayor in the history of  , @billdeblasio , just called me a blow hard!
sexual pervert & deviant anthony weiner is polling to see if he can run for nyc mayor...
great to see @yankees captain derek jeter back on the field. he will have another great season and make nyc proud again.
. @anncoulter has been amazing. we will win and establish strong borders, we will build a wall and mexico will pay. we will be great again!
secure the border! build a wall!
when will the democrats, and hillary in particular, say "we must build a wall, a great wall, and mexico is going to pay for it?" never!
just made the point at  that "we have to protect our border & i think everyone here knows, nobody can build a wall like trump!"
new gop platform now includes language that supports the border wall. we will build the wall and make america safe again!
" @jenniferjjacobs : trump says he was establishment. "i backed mccain he lost. i backed romney he lost. this time i'm doing it myself.
great. just reported on @foxnews that many people who supported @jebbush are now supporting me. i knew that would happen, pundits didn't!
i do not understand how so many of my jewish friends backed obama in the last election. he is a total disaster for israel-and always will be
just remember, the birther movement was started by hillary clinton in 2008. she was all in!
"hillary clinton needs to address the racist undertones of her 2008 campaign."
" @lisa_smith70 a real president wouldn't take a selfie during any memorial service.  "
make sure to follow me on @periscopeco
" @mikeolmusic :i absolutely love your family mr. trump. i'm a humongous admirer of you and your family. can't wait to see the next season"
meeting former speaker newt gingrich next week. on the agenda---defeating @barackobama .
obama’s promise to build an international coalition against isis is already broken. no one trusts him at home or abroad.
under the leadership of obama & clinton, americans have experienced more attacks at home than victories abroad. time to change the playbook!
i will stand with police and protect all americans!
“a failure or setback is not a defeat. defeat is a state of mind. you are defeated only when you accept defeat.” – think big
when you think big, you will automatically trigger more details because details are the major component of making anything big.
" @entreprenershp : as long as you’re going to be thinking anyway, think big. – donald trump"
" @media2commerce : "as long as you're going to be thinking anyway, think big." donald trump"
" @hansel_amarilla : “as long as you’re going to be thinking anyway, think big.” –donald trump, the trump organization president"
" @caejh : got out of class and immediately turned donald trump on as loud as i could. it's the weekend"
re: negotiation: view any conflict as an opportunity. be a diplomat as much as possible.
getting ready for @nbcsnl commercial.
entrepreneurs: work on what you will be proud to be associated with. make your work count.
trump will make america great!!!!
happy 4th of july to everyone! make america great again!
make america great again!
make america great again! make america safe again!
why hasn't obama created jobs?
bernie sanders endorsing crooked hillary clinton is like occupy wall street endorsing goldman sachs.
"results are what matter. the bottom line is clearly the bottom line." --think like a champion
great poll- thank you nevada!
"if i run, and if i win, our country will be great again." - last line of my @srqrepublicans speech
red line statement was a disaster for president obama.
entrepreneurs: if you cannot handle the tough times, you will never be successful in business. stay positive & stay strong!
i guess i have reached yet another "ceiling" - 49.7%, with four people. my highest reuters poll yet! thank you!
@aaapgs thank you, nice work.
poll - thank you!
thank you @carlhigbie . great work on @cnn .
new  . thank you america!
this story is no longer about john mccain, it’s about our horribly treated vets. illegals are treated better than our wonderful veterans.
we should cut off all aid to every country that does not respect our border. why are we giving them money in the first place?
a mediocre person tells. a good person explains. a superior person demonstrates....
the veterans of our country have been treated like third class citizens for many years...
"_xx_justme i still can't believe donald trump responded to my tweet. "respect"  he would be the best pres for this country." thx
"if you love what you do, you are going to work harder, you are going to try harder and you will be better at it." - think big
thank you high point, nc! i will fight for every neglected part of this nation & i will fight to bring us together as one american people!
" @pauladuvall2 : cruz will say anything that is contrary to what you have to say. if you're for motherhood, he'll be against it!"
. @montgomeriefdn your commentary this weekend was fantastic. people love what you say and how you say it.
" @ausbiz : many would say that you are the only talented person running for the top job this time!   "
if i only had 1 person running against me in the primaries like hillary clinton, i would have gotten 10 million more votes than she did!
i am the only one who can beat hillary clinton. i am not a mitt romney, who doesn't know how to win. hillary wants no part of "trump"
there's only only one person who has defunded medicare. his name is @barackobama .
how can @jebbush beat hillary clinton- if he can't beat anyone else on the  stage with $150m? i am the only one who can!
" @dan__crocker : @foxandfriends trump opens his mouth, his numbers go up. when hillary does it, hers go down. must be something to it."
congratulations to gretchen carlson on her big move to hosting an afternoon solo show this fall on @foxnews .
dummy, i'm asking a question - look at the question mark at the end of the sentence! use your head.
send me your questions to answer live from @twitternyc later this afternoon.
a great afternoon in tampa, florida. thank you!
crooked hillary clinton got brexit wrong. i said leave will win. she has no sense of markets and such bad judgement. only a question of time
re negotiation: know exactly what you want & focus on that. view conflict as an opportunity--this will expand your mind and your horizons.
i will be on @latenightjimmy tonight. always have a good time with @jimmyfallon . now we know he will get high ratings tonight.
on @fallontonight with @jimmyfallon at 11:30 pm. enjoy!
will be on @fallontonight with @jimmyfallon on @nbc at 11:35pme. enjoy!
@piersmorgan . thanks piers, you helped make it so!
still time to get out and vote!
have to go now to sign a great and job producing deal! good night.
@kingsthings @trumpnewyork thanks larry--and you, too, are truly one of a kind!
thank you for the kind words tonight, @omarosa . you were great! see you soon!
" @ladyzales : you're the only one for the job! you never take any crap from anyone and that's the kind of president i want!  "
i'm not going to be watching much nfl football anymore. too time consuming, too boring, too many flags and too soft. focus on other things!
@zniosdig @melaniatrump very kind, thanks.
in light of newtown, our country has to pull together.
remember, go vote--we need real change this time.
crooked hillary clinton, who i would love to call lyin' hillary, is getting ready to totally misrepresent my foreign policy positions.
" @mitchprefach : donaldtrump iowa speech excellent. particularly the end about israel and iran. more foreign policy please. you have my vote.
how incompetent are our leaders allowing these ebola infected people to come into our country with all of the problems and danger entailed!
our country and our "leaders" are getting dumber all the time. now they are about to release full documentation on torture. will destroy cia
is everyone seeing how incompetently our country is being run by watching the mess with syria? our leaders don't know what they are doing!
because of our terrible leaders, it is now open season on every american throughout the world. terrorists are thrilled.
our country, under president obama, is on life support! great leaders must bring people together.
i have a dream that our country will be great again!
our country is totally divided and our enemies are watching. we are not looking good, we are not looking smart, we are not looking tough!
"when are we going to wake up and realize that we are funding our enemies?"
we only want to admit those who love our people and support our values.
"the measure of who we are is what we do with what we have." --vince lombardi
we are going to win and make america great again, maybe better than ever before!
president obama missed the deadline!
thank you for your support!
thank you for all of your support! most importantly - we need to get everyone out to vote!
. @ericbolling you can do much better than you did tonight on @oreillyfactor . better luck tomorrow!
iran has never had a better friend than obama.
my twitter account is now reaching more people than the new york times--not bad. and we're only going to get better!
we are going to win and make america great again, maybe better than ever before!
" @joehos18 : trump 96% success rate in business, only 4 out of 100+ companies went south. better than any other candidate. better than all"
" @numerologynow : in my 37 years of life u are the 1st person i have ever supported running 4 the white house u will make america great again
keep lightweight marco and his friends out of the white house.
we need a dealmaker in the white house, who knows how to think innovatively and make smart deals.  .
taxpayers are paying a fortune for the use of air force one on the campaign trail by president obama and crooked hillary. a total disgrace!
. @reptommarino great job on television this morning. glad to have you on my side!
thank you @donaldjtrumpjr . proud of you!
. @omarosa you were fantastic on television this weekend. thank you so much – you are a loyal friend!
did you agree with my decision?
thank you marco, i agree!
do you agree with the client's decision?
rt @doralresort : thanks! rt @gem3wood : @donaldjtrumpjr you guys @doralresort have one hell of a leaderboard. love this tournament.
. @traceadkins says @joan_rivers is a gem. i agree. we all agree.
"the ones who are crazy enough to think that they can change the world, are the ones who do." -- steve jobs
maybe obama should donate my $5m to the families of the 17 who have lost loved ones during the storm?
on immigration, i’m consulting with our immigration officers & our wage-earners. hillary clinton is consulting with wall street.
why can't the leaders of the republican party see that i am bringing in new voters by the millions-we are creating a larger, stronger party!
... is a third party coming? i hope not.
stuart stevens, the failed campaign manager of mitt romney's historic loss, is now telling the republican party what to do with trump. sad!
"@roxanetancredi: democrats are coming to trump. i used to be proud of the dem party. no more it is crooked and not for the people."
china is a threat to america. they are not our friend.
thank you america! together, we will all  !
big time in . today - make america great again! politicians are all talk and no action - they can never bring us back.
thank you america! together- we will  !
" @catspolitics : some of us never stopped ignoring him. rt @slate : only the really smart one's never stopped.!
we must do everything possible to keep this horrible terrorism outside the united states.
if the wall street protesters are upset about the economy then they should really be protesting @barackobama at the white house.
keep lightweight marco and his friends out of the white house.
make no mistake---fast and furious goes all the way to the white house.
fast and furious gun running goes all the way to the white house. we need answers now!
republicans gave obama a free pass to the white house -- they just don't get it.
if you treat people right they will treat you right...ninety percent of the time. -- franklin d. roosevelt
in hillary clinton's america - things get worse.
the wimps that run penn state should be forced to resign (and be sued) for the pathetic settlement they made and destruction of great legacy
i am honored that @barackobama has featured my plane in one of his attack ads. it was made in america!
the debt is our nation's greatest threat. @barackobama is out of touch.
windmills are the greatest threat in the us to both bald and golden eagles. media claims fictional ‘global warming’ is worse.
"@smxtty_: donald trump would be the greatest president" thank you.
" @housecracka : donald trump is going to win the presidency. get on board the  its going to be  " thanks.
getting ready to go to iowa today. big crowd - will be a great day!
get ready for tonight!
getting ready to go on @kellyandmichael - two great people!
getting ready to watch the debate--- as they say "let's get ready to rumble"!
getting ready to go to the great state of michigan. big crowd tonight. make america great again!
" @steveleno80 the art of the deal was the 1st book i read of yours and it was n still is a great read. all of ur books r great reads" thanks
hillary said such nasty things about me, read directly off her teleprompter...but there was no emotion, no truth. just can't read speeches!
i am deeply disturbed by what i have read in the case of @trayvonmartin . i support a full investigation and justice.
lynne ryan -- just read your great story in the ny times -- i am proud of you. thanks!
how bad is the new @usatoday logo??
@random5 you can and you will--work hard.
entrepreneurs: you have to have passion. if you love your work, success will follow.
@arronj1 find something you love doing--you have to have passion for your work. then work hard and keep focused. good luck!
" @trumpnewmedia : get out &  if you don't  nothing will change it's that simple!   "
people often ask me the secret to my success, and the answer is simple: passion, focus and hard work. momentum keeps it all going.
" @alphainparis : @seanhannity donaldtrump is the 21st century ronald reagan. intelligent. bold. surrounded by good people. gets the job done.
. @maddow standing in front of wind turbines is sad. rachel, windmills are terrible for the environment—
i will be on the @katieshow today at 3 pm et
david feherty of @golfchannel will interview me tonight at 10 pm, et. tune in--it will be fun.
@belloved21 very nice, thanks rachel.
tune in for my interview with @gretawire tonight at 10 pm, @foxnews
heading for atlanta tomorrow morning for noon speech at north atlanta trade center. big crowds, great people!
thank you atlanta, georgia! will be back soon!
thank you @sarahpalinusa for your amazing help and support. big win, leaving now for atlanta and  people of south carolina got it!
my prayers are with the victims and hostages in the horrible paris attacks. may god be with you all.
just watched hillary deliver a prepackaged speech on terror. she’s been in office fighting terror for 20 years- and look where we are!
this is such a special time to be in new york city. no better city in the world to celebrate christmas!
thanks everybody for the happy birthday greetings, but it’s actually the 10th birthday of the apprentice. my birthday is june 14th....
our thoughts and prayers are w/ the families of the 19 brave firefighters who died fighting the arizona wildfire. god bless them.
@tiffanyatrump happy birthday to my baby - and keep up the great work at school. we are all proud of you!
iraq should be paying us while we fight isis. give the money to the families of our brave soldiers.
. @ewanshearer happy birthday
trump will make america great!!!!
thank you! we will make america great again!
we have to make america great again!
good news for those that want to make america great again - i am winning every poll in every state and national - and by big numbers! thanks
together, we will make america safe and great again!
iraq is no longer our problem. we never should have been there in the first place!
" @lisabrossman : @ukcatwoman52 @ericnlin @ac360 he is for america! security for america! jobs for america! there is no other leader!"
immigration reform really changes the voting scales for the republicans—for the worse!
thank you south carolina!
thank you, south carolina!
thank you for the support, south carolina!
great day today in south carolina. fantastic capacity crowd, amazing people!
thank you for all of your support, south carolina!
remember to keep going--if you stop, your momentum will stop.
“remember to keep going: if you stop, your momentum will stop.” – think big
good advice from my father, fred c. trump: "know everything you can about what you're doing."
good advice from my father: "know everything you can about what you're doing." -- fred c. trump
good advice from my mother: "trust in god and be true to yourself." -- mary trump
good advice from my mother, mary macleod trump: “trust in god and be true to yourself.”
advice from my father, fred c. trump: "know everything you can about what you're doing."
we need strong, tough and brilliant leadership now more than ever! make america great again!
the last thing this country needs is another bush!
we are now at a time, perhaps more than ever before, when the world needs great leadership!
wages in are country are too low, good jobs are too few, and people have lost faith in our  need smart and strong leadership now!
in last night's  @mittromney proved once again why he is the steady conservative who can restore america's future.
congratulations to michelle and barack obama on their 20th anniversary.
congratulations to the rolling stones on marking their 50th anniversary in london.
i am on @foxnewssunday with chris wallace- his 20th year anniversary with  , throughout the day. enjoy!
love that patriots won - brady is best ever! seahawks pass was dumbest play in the history of football! great going coach b!
he would be crazy to play in . - really bad coach who can't adjust to his players!
people will be very surprised by our ground game on nov. 8. we have an army of volunteers and people with great spirit! they want to  !
" @rtesta : please run for president and announce it in nh! we need someone that can turn this country around from the ground up!" true!
it takes "guts" to win!
thank you new hampshire!
thank you, new hampshire!
will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:00 - 5 minutes. then i head to new hampshire, great people!
. @foxandfriends in 5 minutes.
the only job @barackobama cares about is his own. everything he does is for his own reelection.
the new @barackobama motto - "you own nothing, not even your own success" ...
very different styles but each totally effective in his own way at the debate.
why would anyone in florida vote for lightweight senator marco rubio. check out his credit card scam, his house sale & his no show voting!
" @jpmorgan2016 : trump needs his own poll a real poll, in every state. these polls are so  media will only get worse from here"
" @1simranjitsingh : i am a student myself. i cannot believe that obama, has doubled the interest rate on student loans. trump for president!"
we must leave "stop and frisk" for a-rod and anthony weiner!
“simply take a big goal and mold yourself to become the person who can accomplish that goal.” – think big
the media must immediately stop calling isis leaders "masterminds." call them instead thugs and losers. young people must not go into isis!
to get momentum, you must first focus on a specific goal with passion and intensity.
in trade, military and everything else, it will be america first! this will quickly lead to our ultimate goal: make america great again!
i will be going to sarasota, florida, today for a big rally with amazing people! i have one goal on mind: make america great again!
thank you for your support!
thank you for all of your support! let's  !
& together we will  ! thank you for your support!
thank you for your support! together we can  !
thank you for the support, south carolina!
lyin' ted cruz can't get votes (i am millions ahead of him) so he has to get his delegates from the republican bosses. it won't work!
why isn't hillary clinton 50 points ahead?
.....ahead of schedule and under budget! will be in oklahoma tonight!
" @cj112connie i don't get the media??trump is ahead in every poll, but won't give him credit, they say he won't make it?? 60% of us say yes"
--work has begun, ahead of schedule, to build the greatest golf course in history: trump international – scotland.
entrepreneurs: we win in our daily lives by being careful with every day, every moment.
good news for those that want to make america great again - i am winning every poll in every state and national - and by big numbers! thanks
" @baberuth99 : we've got your back mr. trump! we're not politicians (all talk and no action). just let us know what you need us to do."
looking like a really big night for republicans - a tremendous refutation of president obama and his failed policies!
" @kathyshirer : your country needs you~~donald trump~~ your about the only one in the world; that can get us out of debt!" thank you!
in business, you make decisions that are in your best interests. time for the us gov't to do the same. let’s make america great again!
we have got to take our country back. it's time!
whether @reppaulryan's plan is sound fiscal policy is not the relevant issue, the issue is strategic timing. why release it now?
this week we saw what obama care actually does when implemented. it is a losing issue for @barackobama and must be repealed.
while @mittromney only made a joke last friday, he touched on an issue that is very serious to millions of americans.
i endorsed @mittromney not because i agree with him on every issue but because he will get tough with china.
" @thebrodyfile : on the muslim issue: it might help @barackobama if he actually didn't come across as hostile to evangelicals in this country
thank you for all of your support! let's  !
let’s all take a moment to remember all of the heroes from a very tragic day that we cannot let happen again!
" @jaredwyand : let's be clear..  is about "never someone we don't own" you either play into it & let them win or vote trump.
"sometimes the best thing you can do is just let things ride, let time go by." donald j. trump
if you think we have a problem with social security and medicare now, try taking in millions of new citizens all at once.
people believe cnn these days almost as little as they believe hillary....that's really saying something!
i still can’t believe we left iraq without the oil.
i still can't believe we didn't t take the oil from iraq.
do you believe this singing?
“i believe in spending what you have to. but i also believe in not spending more than you should.” - the art of the deal
now that bush has wasted $120 million of special interest money on his failed campaign, he says he would end super pacs. sad!
you mean george bush sends our soldiers into combat, they are severely wounded, and then he wants $120,000 to make a boring speech to them?
i will bring our jobs back to america, fix our military and take care of our vets, end common core and obamacare, protect 2nd a, build wall
" @carrillo_pete :  america great again. we need a outsider to bring class and discernment back to our nation. we need  "
we have many problems in our house (country!), and we need to fix them before we let visitors come over and stay. make america great again!
" @yankeeworshiper thank you to donald trump for standing up for what you believe e the  lies for hillary and barack."
@pikedagger1868 keep your chin up, keep going.
i will do far more for women than hillary, and i will keep our country safe, something which she will not be able to do-no strength/stamina!
thank you @asavagenation and keep up the great work!
. @franksfight keep fighting, frank! never give up!
thank you america! together, we will all  !
we should be able to negotiate a deal with iran because they know we could blow them away to the stone  just don't believe we would.
i hope the @gop realizes that if they blow this election the tea party won't be with them next time.
sanders said only black lives matter - wow! hillary did not answer question!
black lives matter protesters totally disrupt hillary clinton event. she looked lost. this is not what we need with isis, china, russia etc.
@howard2lloyd yes, at macy's.
"@keemstarx: mexican criminals coming into usa? yes did trump say we need to stop them? yes did he say mexicans are good? yes racism? no"
@eawiii yes, and thanks.
“pride yourself on your ability to find creative solutions to tough problems." - think big
" @cheflucky23 : you have my vote and a volunteer, please run we need a president that can bring the pride back in being american! "
" @mkathleenhunter donald, that's a wonderful picture of you and your dad. you can sense his love and pride in you!" thank you.
isn't the world tired of hearing president obama say he knew nothing about anything-time to take responsibility for all of your mistakes!
the worst thing hillary could do is have her husband campaign for her. just watch.
i will be making some very big campaign stops next week - big crowds and tremendous energy! make america great again
will be at fort worth (texas) convention center at 11:30 . big crowd - get there early! big announcement to be made!
"hillary clinton needs to address the racist undertones of her 2008 campaign."
i will be making a big speech tomorrow to discuss the failed policies and bad judgment of crooked hillary clinton.
"experience is not what happens to you; it's what you do with what happens to you." -- aldous huxley
let’s see what happens in the boardroom…
violent crime is rising across the united states, yet the dnc convention ignored it. crime reduction will be one of my top priorities.
rape is a huge problem in the . military. over 19,000 rapes last year.
get smart on knockout assaults and crime - we have to be slightly more vicious (and violent) than the assaulter-and crime would end fast!
my heart goes out to the people of boston on this terrible day!
this was sent out from ted cruz- as iowans arrived at their caucus sites to vote.
every poll shows high approval of the new sign on @trumpchicago . i am honored by the great support.
to aspiring entrepreneurs: be ready for problems. you'll have them every day. so remember to look at the solution--not the problem.
this is a tragedy. the real unemployment rate is 14.8% with over 23.2 million unemployed americans. we can do much better.
i wish the 23 million who are unemployed were able to celebrate like the democrats in charlotte right now.
@deviousdoll82 it's endometriosis awareness month-176 million women suffer from this disease.
.....but that's what i've been saying. very unfair treatment by the media!
obamacare will destroy small business--the backbone of america's economy.
great job once again by law enforcement! we are proud of them and should embrace them - without them, we don't have a country!
policy towards our enemies: hit them hard, hit them fast, hit them often & then tell them it was because they are the enemy!
president should not be telling the washington redskins to change their name-our country has far bigger problems! focus on them,not nonsense
many syrian ‘rebels’ are radical jihadis. not our friends & supporting them doesn't serve our national interest. stay out of syria!
i will stand with police and protect all americans!
“don’t let the fear of striking out hold you back.” – babe ruth
just got back from iowa, great people!
will be back soon virginia. we are going to make america great again!
just got back from iowa - had a great time with amazing people. will be back soon!
... @lord_sugar you need the income from the show to keep going--hope it doesn't hurt.
" @waite_lane :if you don't want trump as president, then you don't want what your great grandfather fought so hard for
" @bigboblarsen i don't always agree with you but i must say you do know how to inspire..." thank you.
just shows that you can have all the cards and lose if you don’t know what you’re doing.
i will be on the @colbertlateshow tonight at 11:30
i will be doing @colbertlateshow at 11:30 on cbs. enjoy!
will be interviewed by @stephenathome tonight by phone- a late show first @cbs @colbertlateshow . enjoy!
congratulations to @stephenathome - i will see you on the show!
watch my interview with @ericbolling on @foxnews today at 11:30am et
immigration reform really changes the voting scales for the republicans—for the worse!
our inner cities have been left behind. we will never have the resources to support our people if we have an open border.
always good to have @arseniohall back as advisor as well as @donaldjtrumpjr . they have their own fan clubs at this point.
re: negotiation: view any conflict as an opportunity. be a diplomat as much as possible.
we need another bush in office about as much as we need obama to have a 3rd term. no more bushes!
keystone must be approved. oil is at a record high. we need to use our resources and support allies like canada.
thank you to our fantastic veterans. the reviews and polls from almost everyone of my commander-in-chief presentation were great. nice!
the united states needs great deals - and fast. we have to make our country rich again in order to make our country great again!
the more i get to know @mittromney the more i like him. he has the judgment and private sector experience america needs in the white house.
"the best thing you can do is deal from strength, and leverage is the biggest strength you have.” – the art of the deal
more poll results from last nights commander-in-chief forum.
the @gop primary voter spoke last night in va-7 & @davebratva7th won going away. now the party must stand behind him! unity unity unity!
nice to see obama released a situation room photo from sandy. how about releasing the photo taken during benghazi?
it's true... dennis is really into this-very animated. i have never seen him this way before.
great honor to receive today's endorsement of @ricksantorum . really nice!
" @gopjenna : "i don't care about the game, i care about the people." and that's exactly why we the people love you so much!  "
we have a sacred duty to care for our vets and their families. veterans deserve universal access to care anywhere and anytime!
is the boston killer eligible for obama care to bring him back to health?
" @paranormalfact : @stevenharlow85 donald know's business. screw politics we need someone who doesn't care about politics for once.  "
in a new poll a majority of people felt the president "knowingly lied" about health care pledge. who are the fools who don't think he lied?
obama has no understanding of how to create jobs or opportunity. he believes in government.
@swanrose2013 i create jobs!
. @mittromney will create 2 million new jobs if elected potus. if reelected, @barackobama will create over $12t in new debt. easy choice.
@pourquoipas20 good idea, will create one.
"we need a tax system that is fair and smart--one that encourages growth, savings, and investment."
" @kittreantanner :more interviews, mr trump. the more you talk @what you would do if president, the more people want to hear more from you."
how many more times do we all have to watch and pay for that stupid and never ending  commercial. how much is govt. spending?
our economy is in trouble. the unemployed are more likely to drop out of the workforce than find a job. we need growth-- and now!
who do you think won?
over 150,000 more of our fellow americans dropped out of the workforce in july. @barackobama is a disaster!
hillary will never reform wall street. she is owned by wall street!
wall street paid for ad is a fraud, just like crooked hillary! their main line had nothing to do with women, and they knew it. apologize?
jobs report is really bad - beyond the worst  bad day on wall street!
@beanann wall street journal & lots of others, including television.
crooked hillary clinton, who called brexit 100% wrong (along with obama), is now spending wall street money on an ad on my correct call.
great day in . with @speakerryan and republican leadership. things working out really well!
when employees are working at home they can never have the same cohesivness as working together as a group...
make america great again!
make america great again! make america safe again!
" @lee_richter : trump will make america safe again...he will make america legal again...he will make america great again!  usa"
we have to make america great again!
tomorrow will be a really big day for america. make america great again!
the state of iowa should disqualify ted cruz from the most recent election on the basis that he cheated- a total fraud!
debate showed--- these guys really hate each other. at one point it looked like they would come to blows.
if these guys have any integrity they'd say no to msnbc -- a network that few watch and is very negative. @andrewbreitbart re debate.
it was great being on @mikeandmike in the morning (espn)—two great guys, fantastic show!
i think it would be a good idea—and fair—to include @govchristie & @mikehuckabeegop in the debate. both solid & good guys. @foxbusiness
oh no, another rapper doing a trump song --young jeezy  lyrics. why aren't these guys paying me?
" @hl3tweets : @coachabda trump is the only candidate who doesn't test his statements before focus groups to be sure no one is offended. true
" @kata2bijak : i know a lot, but one thing i know is that i don't know everything. ~ donald trump"
" @fenitaayu1 : i know a lot, but one thing i know is that i don't know everything. ~ donald trump"
the american people are sick and tired of not being able to lead normal lives and to constantly be on the lookout for terror and terrorists!
we are one nation. when one hurts, we all hurt. we must all work together-to lift each other up.
we are one nation. when one state hurts, we all hurt. we must all work together - to lift each other up.
. @piersmorgan and @omarosa really hate each other.
our country has to come together. we have to start working with, and really liking, each other. the whole world is watching baltimore.
i laugh when i see marco rubio and jeb bush pretending to "love" each other, with each talking of their great friendship. typical phony pols
i don't want to be the only billionaire in america---i want all americans to be rich.
thank you america! together, we will all  !
together, we will make america safe and great again!
thank you! together we will  !
" @wizhether : donaldtrump keep it up! they're attacking you because they're afraid. you're winning! we who love our country have your back!"
@anthonynotweet make sure you are doing what you love to do. you need passion to keep you going.
" @blt21muttrades : people are just mad that you're doing so good so they are gonna do they're best to stop you. not gonna happen  "
thanks, @piersmorgan . you're great!
for great success, you need passion, but make sure it's well directed. learn everything you can about what you're doing. be an expert.
obamacare will destroy small business--the backbone of america's economy.
“when your brand begins to build, you too will be faced with opportunities for greater recognition.” – midas touch
wow, some new and even greater polls--thank you!
“always get even. when you are in business, you need to get even with people who screw you.” – think big
when somebody challenges you, fight back -- be tough!
... than his destruction of scotland’s magnificent lands. @alexsalmond
how is bernie sanders going to defend our country if he can't even defend his own microphone? very sad!
i will stand with police and protect all americans!
do you believe that secy. kerry just went to egypt to talk about "human rights problems" and this as everything is being blown up around him
why are some more concerned with granting terrorist rights than protecting innocent americans?
...it's called intellectual property rights, something they know nothing about.
i hate to say it, but the republican convention was far more interesting (with a much more beautiful set) than the democratic convention!
not one american flag on the massive stage at the democratic national convention until people started complaining-then a small one. pathetic
" @baglanhills going to invest in one of your books tomorrow! which one would you recommend?  " start with the art of the deal.
president obama missed the deadline!
the dishonest media is fawning over the democratic convention. i wonder why, then, my speech had millions of more viewers than crooked h?
...remember--i told you so.
have a great memorial day and remember that we will soon make america great again!
to aspiring entrepreneurs: be ready for problems. you'll have them every day. so remember to look at the solution--not the problem.
“always remember that the future comes one day at a time.” - dean acheson
remember trump ties & shirts @macys for fathers day--your father will love you even more!
how can crooked hillary say she cares about women when she is silent on radical islam, which horribly oppresses women?
. @univision cares far more about mexico than it does about the . are they controlled by the mexican government?
"nobody cares" about the iowa straw poll is what @jonhuntsman said yesterday. his problem is that nobody cares about his campaign (or him).
crooked hillary clinton says that she got more primary votes than donald trump. but i had 17 people to beat—she had one!
i will do far more for women than hillary, and i will keep our country safe, something which she will not be able to do-no strength/stamina!
“always remember: dress for the job you want, not the job you have.” – think like a billionaire
. @andrebauer great job and advice on @cnn @jaketapper thank you!
the president of the . is the leader of the free world. he should dress like it at all times. wear a suit and a tie for major interviews.
so, a woman in chicago, who never had a job, has 9 kids with 7 different men (she is one of many). these kids will never work. trouble!
i never want someone working for me who doesn’t want to be there--and in the same way, you shouldn’t want to be there, either.
the last thing our country needs is another bush! dumb as a rock!
rambling and stumbling @hardball_chris is as dumb as a rock!
cruz going down fast in recent polls- dropping like a rock. lies never work!
as soon as john kasich is hit with negative ads, he will drop like a rock in the polls against crooked hillary clinton. i will win!
fox debate advertising rates falling like a rock! tune into my special event for the veterans at 9pm est!
i don't like the opening even a little bit!
thank you, america!  via @drudge_report
via @slate : who won the  ?
only in america can a jihadi thug who murdered women and children be nursed back to health & then get a @rollingstone cover.
. @rollingstone admitted their scam. phony @huffingtonpost and others are no better-- total joke!
via @wsj : “a new direction for america” by @mittromney
... but like many other great business people have used the laws to corporate advantage.
the @uschamber must fight harder for the american worker. china, and many others, are taking advantage of . with our terrible trade pacts
stop saying i went bankrupt. i never went bankrupt but like many great business people have used the laws to corporate advantage—smart!
the most stringent gun laws in the . happen to be in chicago - and look what is happening there!
fact – the tighter the gun laws, the more violence. the criminals will always have guns.
" @eastonwestwood : please run for president again! america is almost finished but might have a chance if you're president in jan.2017."
president obama, you are a complete and total disaster, but you have a chance to do something great and important: stop the flights!
sadly, because president obama has done such a poor job as president, you won't see another black president for generations!
can you believe the head of iran refused to meet with our great president?—zero respect!
" @joelleangeli : donaldtrump for president! give someone with the knowledge and power to change this country the chance! you'd have my vote!"
there is no substitute for private sector experience.
"the measure of who we are is what we do with what we have." --vince lombardi
in the upcoming new year we will focus like never before - if we do that we will have complete and total victory in all we do!
we have to make america great again!
why do we keep broadcasting when we are going to attack syria. why can't we just be quiet and, if we attack at all, catch them by surprise?
great job once again by law enforcement! we are proud of them and should embrace them - without them, we don't have a country!
shooting deaths of police officers up 78% this year. we must restore law and order and protect our great law enforcement officers!
my thoughts and prayers are with the two police officers shot in sebastian county, arkansas.
thank you for your support! together we can  !
" @lancebagley1 : be bold....,and powerful forces will come to your aid. but you know this, trump we're waiting.  "
thank you! together we will  !
republicans and democrats must come together now to make america great again!
i would like to wish everyone a happy and healthy new year. we must all work together to, finally, make america safe again and great again!
@mayorgas good! and good luck!
"he that is good for making excuses is seldom good for anything else." -- benjamin franklin
no matter what bill clinton says and no matter how well he says it, the phony media will exclaim it to be incredible. highly overrated!
@a123r7o thanks, good choice & good luck.
@xo_deannayoung good subject, good luck!
what is he reading?
@missusa2005 thanks chelsea--you are great!
rosie is back on the view which tells you how desperate they must be. it is the standard short term fix and long term disaster.
many political pundits are using the term "art of the deal".... they should thank me. that is my term and book title.
if obamacare is not repealed then we can expect stagnant growth, long term unemployment and record high premiums.
= obama's third term, which would be terrible news for our economic growth - seen below.
we need another bush in office about as much as we need obama to have a 3rd term. no more bushes!
" @wesleyrickard : sheriff joe arpaio az endorses donald j trump for president of the united states    "
well, back to the drawing board!
" @backontrackusa :not only is america not leading in the world anymore, under obama america is destabilizing the world & making it dangerous.
we must keep the pressure on @barackobama 's administration to make sure chen comes to the us. it would be a tragedy to abandon him in china.
we have to make america great again!
to the african-american community: the democrats have failed you for fifty years, high crime, poor schools, no jobs. i will fix it, vote "t"
another four years--not good for the country but we'll have to live with it!
" @dcfoodsafety : mr. trump you're the candidate that we have been waiting for you tell it real and you will get it done you have my vote!"
" @yang_karl : all scott pelley did by being disrespectful was make it easier to make up my mind who to vote for and that will be trump."
" @mcleangolf : drove around the new "blue monster" again tonight. saving photos. what donald trump has done here will shock golf world!
great job today by the nypd in protecting the people and saving the climber.
the world is falling apart around us, but we don't have people who know how to play the game. the . is in big trouble - no leadership!
"don't go around saying the world owes you a living. the world owes you nothing. it was here first. " -- mark twain
look where the world is today, a total mess, and isis is still running around wild. i can fix it fast, hillary has no chance!
the more you know, the more you realize how much you don't know. how can you possibly discover anything if you already know everything?
thank you ohio - see you tonight!
. @scottienhughes - you were fantastic on cnn. thank you for the nice words. see you at the  .
thank you arizona! see you soon!
just shows that you can have all the cards and lose if you don’t know what you’re doing.
i'm giving away money! 11am trump tower. be there or be left behind!
our inner cities have been left behind. we will never have the resources to support our people if we have an open border.
have a great and peaceful memorial day - but remember, there are people out there who don't want us to have peace. we must be strong!!!!
just left oklahoma--- the most amazing crowd and people! what a night!
. @lawrence is the poor man's left wing @oreillyfactor (with no ratings)!
the fight against isis starts at our border. ‘at least’ 10 isis have been caught crossing the mexico border. build a wall!
secure the border! build a wall!
once the tragic mistake of going into iraq was made, we should have at least taken the oil (or at least some of it). now iran & china get it
@arseniohall has great ratings-i told you so. he should pay me at least 25% of his earnings because he would be nowhere without donald trump
just made the point at  that "we have to protect our border & i think everyone here knows, nobody can build a wall like trump!"
he is working hard and for that he must be given credit!
clear winner of the  . thank you for your support!
america's debt crisis is our country's greatest challenge. spending must be curbed for our long term fiscal future.
looks like @omarosa is up to the challenge.
new hampshire vote today - make america great again!
thank you new hampshire!
thank you, new hampshire!
getting ready to watch the debate--- as they say "let's get ready to rumble"!
new hampshire is a critical state for both candidates this year. i got to know new hampshire and love it.
our not very bright vice president, joe biden, just stated that i wanted to "carpet bomb" the enemy. sorry joe, that was ted cruz!
the greatest threat to our security is our debt. it is already past 100% gdp. we need to make real budget cuts.
a big day for new york and for our country! make america great again!
thank you- new york! i love you!
thank you new york! i love you!
thank you new york, and pennsylvania!
thank you new york, i will never forget!
sorry, there is no star on the stage tonight!
the stage is set for the real debate--it will be very interesting!
. @ianjamespoulter great going and almost as importantly, your clothing line is selling well!
formal acceptance of the nomination!
that was some episode last week-we've got a great cast!
isn’t it ironic that president obama, of all people, is pushing for ‘universal background checks?!'
just had a great legal victory in ft. lauderdale -- won trial -- now will receive tremendous $ in legal fees from losers. love it!
what is mitch mcconnell thinking?...make the big deal!
thank you senator @tedcruz !
.... to help mcconnell, who spoke right after him.” @breitbartnews
raising the capital gains tax in this fragile economic time is the dumbest thing washington could do. so they will probably do it.
the election is trending towards @mittromney . americans know we can't afford another 4 years of the obama economic decline.
give your goals substance -- make them count on as many levels as you can. remember that passion can be the catalyst for great achievement.
“leadership is perhaps the key to getting any job done.” – the art of the deal
hillary's been failing for 30 years in not getting the job done - it will never change.
"have passion for what you do and be efficient at the same time." - think like a champion
"@mikhiett this is what you have done; its called perseverance. now persevere to the white house!  " nice!
" @babyfuzz1969 : declare your candidacy! right time, right age, right mind w/common sense, right leadership    "
i will make this right for our great vets!
sad to watch bernie sanders abandon his revolution. we welcome all voters who want to fix our rigged system and bring back our jobs.
we have to make america great again!
omarosa always promises and delivers high drama...
the debates are going to have a big impact on the election. @mittromney has proved--in florida--he delivers under pressure.
great shot by @kingjames yesterday. lebron is a tough competitor who delivers under pressure.
back by popular demand, @traceadkins delivers in the upcoming @celebapprentice all-stars season. yes, he sings.
do you believe this - iran wants to trade our 3 prisoners (not 4) for 19 prisoners held by the . should have been let go with last deal!
now that african-americans are seeing what a bad job hillary type policy and management has done to the inner-cities, they want trump!
hillary will never reform wall street. she is owned by wall street!
sorry banks, when we accused lightweight ag eric schneiderman of not going after banks, he started going after banks—but years too late!
the republican party must get tougher and smarter, and fast, or it will go down to a very big defeat - just like the last two times!
occupy wall street is at it again- go out and get a job. it's actually easier work and far more rewarding.
today’s assignment: read chapter three of think big “basic instincts.” focus on my acquisition of 40 wall street.
. @lord_sugar if you didn’t say the ipod would be gone in a year, you might have been really rich instead of the peanut money you have.
president obama missed the deadline!
" @arqpallares : finally,punta del este will have its own trump tower! missed @ivankatrump this year and hope to see you in the opening!"
" @oldmanconroy : it's called "climate change". no, they changed it to "climate change" when "global warming" wasn't working anymore-too cold!
with today's struggling job numbers, it is clear that there is one choice this november. @mittromney can turn the economy around.
can it just be new age that manti te’o fell in love with a girl he never met or is it a hoax?
the least number of hurricanes in the . in decades. so they change global warming (too cold) to climate change-now what will they call it
" @babyfuzz1969 : declare your candidacy! right time, right age, right mind w/common sense, right leadership    "
many people have been asking me to answer questions. you can ask me questions at any time.
the only people who are not interested in being the . pick are the people who have not been asked!
so we can spy on our ally’s leaders but can’t water board terrorists?
"the measure of who we are is what we do with what we have." --vince lombardi
we need much tougher, much smarter leadership - and we need it now!
thank you for all of your support! most importantly - we need to get everyone out to vote!
" @carrillo_pete :  america great again. we need a outsider to bring class and discernment back to our nation. we need  "
we need another bush in office about as much as we need obama to have a 3rd term. no more bushes!
" @belllabooo13 : @foxandfriends as always great job mr trump!! truth we all need to hear it! you gave us hope!! we need it now!!"
new q poll out- we are going to win the whole deal- and make america great again!
our next vice president of the united states of america, gov. @mike_pence !
"socialists think profits are a vice; i consider losses the real vice." - winston churchill
our country is being torn apart from the inside--it's getting nasty out there.
jeb bush just announced he raised over $100m. everyone of those people who contributed are getting something to the detriment of america!
" @kathyshirer : your country needs you~~donald trump~~ your about the only one in the world; that can get us out of debt!" thank you!
entrepreneurs: let your actions show that you're the best. see each day as an opportunity to show you can do business at the highest level.
the today show should call me about who to put on the show— i know more about people who get ratings than anyone.
@phil_grech your not free, you'll never be free. you'll be back (if you ever left) because you can't help yourself!
" @chrisbiedermann : building a massive wall on our southern border needs to happen now. support donald trump. he can make this happen."
i will stand with police and protect all americans!
" @bjkizer74 :donaldtrump why do we keep putting the same people on the republican ticket for potus? romney? bush? cruz? paul?  "
" @snoburd : here's an idea: why don't donaldtrump and @mittromney run on the same ticket, instead of running against each other?" no thanks!
i will be on on the record @gretawire tonight at 7 pm
i'll be on @greta on the record tonight at 7 pm
too bad i'll have another out of belmont stakes- interest now way down.
i will be on on the record @gretawire tonight at 10 pm
go out and vote--- this will be the most important election of our time!
this is just not the right time for jeb bush. his campaign is in total disarray, too much staff being paid way too much money = . govt.
once again the bush appointed supreme court justice john roberts has let us down. jeb pushed him hard! remember!
hopefully the republican party can come together and have a big win in november, paving the way for many great supreme court justices!
"sometimes the best thing you can do is just let things ride, let time go by." donald j. trump
if dummy bill kristol actually does get a spoiler to run as an independent, say good bye to the supreme court!
justice ginsburg of the . supreme court has embarrassed all by making very dumb political statements about me. her mind is shot - resign!
it’s amazing how people can talk about me but i’m not allowed to talk about them.
great poll- thank you nevada!
the last time i visited china i couldn't believe all the construction. you can go up with a project in a week--no red tape.
"@toledosnow: you should run for president mr. trump! you're a great man and i would love to see what you could do for the united states!"
" @tom38ts i wanted trump to be the president in 2012 the country needs trump to be the next president in 2016"
i think @teresa_giudice may know she could be @lisalampanelli 's next target
" @vinnie_vegas_76 :donald why don't you run for president. if you run the usa like you run your businesses, the usa would be a better place."
" @epilepsys will you or @erictrump try to be president of the united states? you could be a great president." thanks.
it’s amazing how people can talk about me but i’m not allowed to talk about them.
all he does is go on television is talk, talk, talk, but incapable of doing anything.
i will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:00 . so much to talk about!
will be doing @greta interview tomorrow. so much to talk about!
will be interviewed on @morning_joe at 7:00 . so much to talk about!
make america great again!
make america great again! make america safe again!
we have to make america great again!
" @lee_richter : trump will make america safe again...he will make america legal again...he will make america great again!  usa"
thank you! we will make america great again!
the people of south carolina are embarrassed by nikki haley!
thank you indiana! will be back soon!
thank you evansville, indiana!
thank you fort wayne, indiana!
thank you carmel, indiana! get out &  tomorrow!
proud to see my friend governor chris christie standing up for israel on his visit. standing tall!
" @yankeeworshiper thank you to donald trump for standing up for what you believe e the  lies for hillary and barack."
if hillary thinks she can unleash her husband, with his terrible record of women abuse, while playing the women's card on me, she's wrong!
@tigerwoods great playing, you are the best!
the media is so after me on women wow, this is a tough business. nobody has more respect for women than donald trump!
it has been great to meet so many wonderful people in my  book signings. anyone who wants to be prez should read!
anyone who wants strong borders and good trade deals for the us should boycott @univision .
" @dirtmeister you don't have to be president to make a difference,you saved new york from mediocrity." thank you, people do forget!
for america to be great again we must have a president who has been successful and americans can learn from on how to succeed.
" @bestphotosever : you need to run for pres. you would restore greatness to america, and have the ability to make a difference.  "
"there are many ways of going forward, but only one way of standing still." -- pres. franklin d. roosevelt
if you treat people right they will treat you right...ninety percent of the time. -- franklin d. roosevelt
did you agree with my decision?
" @bigboblarsen i don't always agree with you but i must say you do know how to inspire..." thank you.
thank you for all of your support! let's  !
thank you marco, i agree!
the more you know, the more you realize how much you don't know. how can you possibly discover anything if you already know everything?
"you can have the best product in the world, but if people don't know about it, it's not going to be worth much." the art of the deal
"you can have the best product in the world, but if people don't know about it, it's not going to be worth much." - the art of the deal
we have to make america great again!
the more you know, the more you realize how much you don't know. how can you possibly discover anything if you already know everything?
just shows that you can have all the cards and lose if you don’t know what you’re doing.
i love being in south carolina. we are leading big in all of the state polls - saturday is a big day. make america great again!
as a former host of saturday night live, i look forward to attending tonight!
i will be in south carolina all week. saturday is big, big, big! get out and vote - make america great again
i am now in texas doing a big fundraiser for the republican party and a @foxnews special on the border and with victims of border crime!
george also appeared on saturday night live when i was guest host in 2004. a great time!
"to have a government we can afford we need to eliminate the tremendous waste clogging the system"
" @woodrowwinters nothing would make me prouder than to see mr. trump in the oval office. business would get done." thanks and true.
who would you like to see on next season of  ? let us know- everyone wants to be on it.
“what you dream about is what you will do. if you cannot even dream of doing big things, you will never do anything big in life.”- think big
"the only way to do great work is to love what you do." – steve jobs
re life: life is very fragile and success doesn’t change that. if anything, success makes it more fragile.
"what you dream about is what you do. if you cannot even dream of doing big things, you will never do anything big."--think big
which is worse and which is more dishonest - the  or the emmys?
i believe putin will continue to re-build the russian empire. he has zero respect for obama or the .!
entrepreneurs: don’t ever think you’ve done it all already or that you’ve done your best. you haven't-- so don't limit yourself!
do you think iran would have acted so tough if they were russian sailors? our country was humiliated.
entrepreneurs: don’t sell yourself short. don’t ever think you’ve done it all already or that you’ve done your best.
entrepreneurs: don't ever think you've done it all already or that you've done your best. don't sell yourself short!
... a great person inspires others to see for themselves. – harvey mackay
word is spreading that i got a tattoo - no way, i am not a fan!
we could make america great again by spreading obamacare throughout the world while at the same time dropping it from .!
double digit premium increases because of obamacare. dems trying to delay showing numbers until after election, but news is spreading fast!
the senate should be more concerned about actually passing a budget than spreading lies about @mittromney 's taxes.
" @jodil792 : we are standing with you! spreading the word...trump for president 2016!! i wake & sleep praying for you & the usa!+israel2"
i am happy to hear that a is considering giving anna wintour @voguemagazine an ambassadorship. she is a winner & really smart!
wishing everyone a happy memorial day, and a thank you to all the soldiers who protected our great country.
@shelleysherwin wish your mother a happy birthday.
@ptlyons thank you. wishing you and yours a happy new year too.
happy new year to all my jewish friends celebrating the holiday.
i will be live tweeting!
go out and vote--- this will be the most important election of our time!
my motto is: ‘never give up.’ i follow this very strictly. i do not let problems and challenges stop me; they are normal.
republicans must be careful with immigration—don’t give our country away.
on immigration, i’m consulting with our immigration officers & our wage-earners. hillary clinton is consulting with wall street.
ted cruz only talks tough on immigration now because he did so badly in . he is in favor of amnesty and weak on illegal immigration.
. @marcorubio is weak on illegal immigration and will allow anyone into the country.....
again, immigration reform is fine—but don’t rush to give away our country. that’s what’s happening!
way to go @serenawilliams - you are a true champion. proud of you!
. @mcilroyrory - way to go rory, fantastic victory!
" @talkernewyorker @indybuffalojim @greta mr. trump is "mr. nyc" let's make him "mr. president" i am ready to work-it to get you in!"
i am watching @foxnews and how fairly they are treating me and my words, and @cnn , and the total distortion of my words and what i am saying
" @valetasue57 @greta @foxnews like trump more & more everyday, he is saying what we all need to hear & understand, he loves usa"
what i am saying is stay out of syria.
" @shepherdgarrett : it doesn't matter what the media thinks--it matters what the american people think keep it up!  "
what is he reading?
we will only be the land of the free as long as we are home of the brave!
we have all the cards. now is the time to make a great deal with iran.
i try to learn from the past, but i plan for the future by focusing exclusively on the present. that's where the fun is!
i am promising you a new legacy for america. we're going to create a new american future. thank you ohio!
the just out usa today national poll, where i lead by big numbers, shows that in a head to head matchup, i beat both hillary and bernie.
thank you america - great  polls!
voting for @govgaryjohnson is voting for obama--don't waste your vote!
if you live in a state with early voting, you should be voting as soon as possible. bring your friends and family with you.
i beat hillary in the new @foxnews poll head to head. she has no strength or stamina, both of which are needed to make america great again!
"@zulu_out: you are a man for the people because you know what it is like to be among the people   loves u" thanks
thank you to @foxandfriends for the great review of the speech on immigration last night. thank you also to the great people of arizona!
“you can’t con people, at least not for long. if you don’t deliver the goods, people will eventually catch on.” - the art of the deal
i am especially grateful for the tremendous support i have received from the evangelicals in the just out iowa cnn poll. thank you!
people are loving the trump sign on the chicago building. big league tweets, letters and calls…
what bernie sanders really thinks of crooked hillary clinton.
crooked hillary can't close the deal with bernie sanders. will be another bad day for her!
i don't want to hit crazy bernie sanders too hard yet because i love watching what he is doing to crooked hillary. his time will come!
bernie sanders, who has lost most of his leverage, has totally sold out to crooked hillary clinton. he will endorse her today - fans angry!
the bernie sanders supporters are furious with the choice of tim kaine, who represents the opposite of what bernie stands for. philly fight?
want jobs? slash corporate tax rate. tax incentives for companies that create jobs in us. america will boom.
"the democrats' solution is the same solution they have for everything--tax, tax, tax. just one problem: it doesn't work"
obama can sign an illegal executive action anytime for obamacare but he can’t fix the illegal loophole.
watch – obama will not fix the illegal immigrant loophole. instead he will sign another executive action giving more amnesty.
entrepreneurs: don't ever think you've done it all already or that you've done your best. don't sell yourself short!
entrepreneurs: don’t sell yourself short. don’t ever think you’ve done it all already or that you’ve done your best.
"i'm loyal to people who've done good work for me."
entrepreneurs: don’t ever think you’ve done it all already or that you’ve done your best. you haven't-- so don't limit yourself!
it’s amazing how people can talk about me but i’m not allowed to talk about them.
i would absolutely kill jon stewart(?) in a debate - it would be no contest - he's not fast enough or smart enough (only obnoxious enough!).
mike & mike in one minute!
on mike and mike, @espn in two minutes!
thank you florida, ohio, and pennsylvania!  is not qualified.
spent time with indiana governor mike pence and family yesterday. very impressed, great people!
look forward to governor mike pence . introduction tomorrow in new york city.
thank you to all for the wonderful reviews of my foreign policy speech. i will soon be speaking in great detail on numerous other topics!
what a tremendous speech by @mittromney yesterday on the economy in ohio.
"trump tuesday" = i'll be on @squawkbox every tuesday morning at 7:30 ., on cnbc. tune in.
after super tuesday, every gop candidate should take a long hard look at their prospects and drop out if they can't get the nomination.
enjoy the super bowl!
today will be a super tuesday for @mittromney -- he will win over 220 delegates from states across every region. he will be the nominee.
trump tuesday @squawkcnbc tomorrow at 7:30 am tune in!
rosie o'donnell just said she felt "shame" at being fat-not politically correct! she killed star jones for weight loss surgery, just had it!
" @taylor70778592 :  like rosie o'donnell loves donald trump" interesting.
i predicted rosie o'donnell would fail at the view, and was right. now i predict rosie will take over for brian williams!
i am so glad @rosie got fired by @oprah . rosie is a bully and it's always nice to see bullies go down!
thank you to our law enforcement officers!
shooting deaths of police officers up 78% this year. we must restore law and order and protect our great law enforcement officers!
thank you to our amazing law enforcement officers!
thank you to the amazing law enforcement officers in colorado!
thank you to all law enforcement agencies for a fabulous job!
" @popularposters : our country needs a president that knows how to protect our constitution and a president that leads speaks the truth"
congratulations to @bostonpolice on yesterday’s successful and safe @bostonmarathon . the entire country is proud.
" @backontrackusa :not only is america not leading in the world anymore, under obama america is destabilizing the world & making it dangerous.
refugees from syria are now pouring into our great country. who knows who they are - some could be isis. is our president insane?
very few people read the national review because it only knows how to criticize, but not how to lead.
join me at 2:00pmest today - live from trump tower - via facebook & periscope!
today is  on @squawkcnbc , 7:30 am. tune in!
i will be on piers morgan live tonight at 9 . on cnn. tune in!
our country is being torn apart from the inside--it's getting nasty out there.
denzel washington gave a wonderful commencement speech over the weekend. from the heart!
the cpac speech went really well this morning--- first speaker--- standing ovation. i really enjoyed it.
the republicans can absolutely win if they stick together-but they are not sticking together. sen. mccain just said "we can't win".very bad!
thank you for your support! together we can  !
"coming together is a beginning. keeping together is progress. working together is success." - henry ford
"coming together is a beginning; keeping together is progress; working together is success." -- henry ford
thank you! together we will  !
i want talented people to come into this country—to work hard and to become citizens. silicon valley needs engineers, etc.
looking like my 5 victories on tuesday will be just as good as if i won ohio. two more days and ohio was mine!
john kasich, despite being governor of ohio, is losing to me in the ohio polls. pathetic!
“winning takes talent, to repeat takes character.” - john wooden
thank you ohio - see you tonight!
it takes "guts" to win!
we have a sacred duty to care for our vets and their families. veterans deserve universal access to care anywhere and anytime!
i have a proven track record supporting our veterans. veterans deserve universal access to care. va scandal proves politicians are inept.
thoughts and prayers to the families of the four great marines killed today.
my thoughts and prayers are with the victims and families of those affected by two powerful earthquakes in italy and myanmar.
thoughts and prayers for those in the floods affecting the great people of south carolina.
thoughts and prayers to the great people of indiana. you will prevail!
my prayers and condolences to the victims and families of the terrible tragedy in nice, france. we are with you in every way!
you must be kidding-zero chance he is innocent!
if you're interested in 'balancing' work and pleasure, stop trying to balance them. instead make your work more pleasurable.
“life is difficult no matter what, but hard work and perseverance make it a lot easier.” – think like a billionaire
" @yang_karl : all scott pelley did by being disrespectful was make it easier to make up my mind who to vote for and that will be trump."
“most of the time you will need to work hard and stay focused to get to the top – and then work even harder to stay there.” -think big
"he who demands little gets it." - ellen glasgow
@arsenioofficial not everybody has good trump judgment.
@rdpomin everybody says that! thanks.
tonight’s  will continue to impress. be sure to tune in tonight at 9pm et @nbc . it will be amazing.
tune in to see me on @thisweekabc with @gstephanopoulos at 10am et. enjoy!
i will be on @marklevinshow at 8pm tonight. tune in!
david feherty of @golfchannel will interview me tonight at 10 pm, et. tune in--it will be fun.
i will be on @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00. enjoy!
thank you, south carolina!
thank you south carolina!
thank you for all of your support, south carolina!
thank you for the support, south carolina!
on my way to south carolina. big crowd--- look forward to it!
in las vegas for the miss universe pageant—airing tonight on @nbc at 8 o’clock.
i have asked the reigning miss universe and miss usa to do the honors. at least i will not have to wash my hair this morning! enjoy.
excited to announce that @giulianarancic & @bravoandy will be hosting the 2012 miss universe pageant. great ratings for miss universe.
for those few people knocking me for tweeting at three o'clock in the morning, at least you know i will be there, awake, to answer the call!
miss universe contestants are amazing—the most beautiful ever!
the us air force won the war in libya to clear the way for islamic extremist control of libya.
putin has shown the world what happens when america has weak leaders. peace through strength!
on this memorial day holiday, we honor our fallen soldiers who have made the greatest sacrifice for freedom. they are our country’s finest.
“the achievements of an organization are the results of the combined effort of each individual.” – vince lombardi
"even if you're on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there." --will rogers
“always get even. when you are in business, you need to get even with people who screw you.” – think big
trump will make america great!!!!
“get in. get it done. get it done right. get out.” – my father, fred c. trump
“get in. get it done. get it done right. get out.” – fred c. trump (my father!)
an analysis showed that bernie sanders would have won the democratic nomination if it were not for the super delegates.
just put in ad for a real estate executive: “hard work, low pay, mean boss!”
crooked hillary clinton is a fraud who has put the public and country at risk by her illegal and very stupid use of e-mails. many missing!
you can only smile when the losers of the world try so hard to put down successful people. just remember, they all want to be you!
@traceybabe8 work hard and keep at it!
" @matthew_erdman : donaldtrump you built a beautiful high-rise, you pay your taxes, you should be able to put up whatever signage you want."
secure the border! build a wall!
" @nicoleamarin : i can't wait to watch this season of  @donaldjtrumpjr i can't wait to watch @brandiglanville dominate!"
with our border not being secure, obama is giving a pathway to terrorists to enter our country. an attack is on him.
... it is time to get out and rebuild our own nation.
our nation is a once great nation divided!
" @gen_yvette : @markus_42 i'd vote for him if he were our candidate. i'd go door-to-do for him, too. i'd feel safe with him as president."
it was my great honor to defend @dennisrodman on @apprenticenbc last night—he has come a long way and for the good!
thank you america! together, we will all  !
thank you america! together- we will  !
" @baberuth99 : we've got your back mr. trump! we're not politicians (all talk and no action). just let us know what you need us to do."
we have many problems in our house (country!), and we need to fix them before we let visitors come over and stay. make america great again!
thank you! together we will  !
my thoughts and prayers are with the victims and families of those affected by two powerful earthquakes in italy and myanmar.
thoughts and prayers are with everyone in west virginia- dealing with the devastating floods.
horrific incident in fl. praying for all the victims & their families. when will this stop? when will we get tough, smart & vigilant?
the clinton news network, sometimes referred to as @cnn , is getting more and more  act so indignant-hear them behind closed doors
here we go again with another clinton scandal, and e-mails yet (can you believe). crooked hillary knew the fix was in, b never had a chance!
crooked hillary clinton knew that her husband wanted to meet with the . to work out a deal. the system is totally rigged & corrupt!
in a new poll a majority of people felt the president "knowingly lied" about health care pledge. who are the fools who don't think he lied?
paul begala, the dopey @cnn flunky and head of the pro-hillary clinton super pac, has knowingly committed fraud in his first ad against me.
“know from inside out that you have the power to succeed and you will. that’s taking control.” – think like a champion
“know from the inside out that you have the power to succeed and you will.” – think like a champion
hillary clinton is using race-baiting to try to get african-american voters- but they know she is all talk and no action!
nbc wall st journal poll of african american voters: 94% @barackobama , 0% @mittromney .even worse than hillary's old numbers. is that racism?
problem with @gop is not their message, it’s that they are incapable of controlling the message.
fast and furious gun running goes all the way to the white house. we need answers now!
we need a dealmaker in the white house, who knows how to think innovatively and make smart deals.  .
" @trumpdemocrats : carson on @cnn now. he is worse than jeb; like ambien for insomnia. we need energy in the white house. we need donaldtrump
keep lightweight marco and his friends out of the white house.
" @are_jay_sea : we need donaldtrump in the white house in 2016. someone w/o political agenda & who just wants to make our country great again
happy veterans day. to those who have served, thank you for your special work.
thank you to all of the men and women who have served our country. you are our true heroes!
we have a sacred duty to care for our vets and their families. veterans deserve universal access to care anywhere and anytime!
....that has served our country is put on a waiting list and gets no care.
to the brave men and women, past and present, in our armed services- best wishes on veterans day.
despite the establishment and the media’s best efforts, the people are speaking loudly and clearly. thank you to my amazing supporters!
“tomorrow hopes we have learned something from yesterday.” - john wayne
@vin7768 thank you-work hard and good luck.
welcome to twitter, @melaniatrump !
it is a movement - not a campaign. leaving the past behind, changing our future. together, we will make america safe and great again!
& together we will  ! thank you for your support!
entrepreneurs: identify your goals, know precisely what you want to achieve. then study the best people in your field and learn from them.
identify your goals. know precisely what you want to achieve, study the best people in your field,and then plan the best route for success.
"wealth comes from big goals and sustained action toward those goals every day." - think big
entrepreneurs: identify your goals. know precisely what you want to achieve. have your own vision and stick with it!
" @michaeltmorgan1 : @oreillyfactor trump is right: we are dealing with zealots, animals and amateurs... wake up. no deal, walk and walk fast"
" @carolburnett3 : @anncoulter i just love the way ann coulter remembers your acts of kindness donald trump....go trump we love you"
i commend @drzuhdijasser for defending the nypd and commissioner kelly. the nypd has done outstanding work in defending nyc from attacks.
for those on tv defending my use of the word "schlonged," bc  is giving it false meaning-tell them it means beaten badly. dishonest
@bernard mcguirk thanks for being so nice and defending me on o'reilly...you're terrific!
instead of trash talking @pmisrael on the world stage, @barackobama should be defending @israel .
this is a movement!
“labor disgraces no man; unfortunately, you occasionally find men who disgrace labor.” - gen. ulysses s. grant
my announcement is tomorrow!
. @trumpdoral will be featured on @golfchannel this morning (now).
do you think that hillary clinton will apologize to me for the lie she told about "the video" of me being used by isis. there is no video.
crooked hillary said that i "couldn't handle the rough and tumble of a political campaign." really,i just beat 16 people and am beating her!
" @ricd384 : the united states of america needs a real man in the oval office. mr. donald trump, america is ready for you. lets do it'"
. @alexsalmond of scotland may be the dumbest leader of the free world. i can’t imagine that anyone wants him in office.
" @nectarusafsm : @kyleraccio i want donald trump to be president. he knows business and people. he needs to be in the oval office, now."
" @grundleman27 : marco rubio can't even handle his own credit card how is he going to be able to handle the . finances  "
"results are what matter. the bottom line is clearly the bottom line." --think like a champion
why isn't hillary clinton 50 points ahead?
.....ahead of schedule and under budget! will be in oklahoma tonight!
lyin' ted cruz can't get votes (i am millions ahead of him) so he has to get his delegates from the republican bosses. it won't work!
entrepreneurs: money is not always the bottom line: it can be a score card, not the final score.
@hialexcarlson thanks--just common sense.
legal immigrants want border security. it is common sense. we must build a wall! let's make america great again!
" @drake4444444 the only way to fix health care crisis is for you to run for pres & bring common sense back to govt" thx.
" @katebug7777777 : @ivankatrump enjoying this season of @celebapprentice thank you for your intelligent, powerful, common sense approach
. @sarahpalinusa did a great job @cpacnews . much of what she said was plain old "common sense."
"have passion for what you do and be efficient at the same time." - think like a champion
it's easy to see why americans are sick of career politicians and both parties.
entrepreneurs: see yourself as victorious. look at the solution, not the problem. be tough, be strong, be tenacious.
be passionate--you have to love what you're doing to be successful at it.
really big crowd expected tomorrow morning at  i look forward to it!
hillary will never reform wall street. she is owned by wall street!
goofy elizabeth warren lied when she says i want to abolish the federal minimum wage. see media—asking for increase!
. @reince is doing a fantastic job for the republican party--hope he gets the credit he deserves.
no matter what happens in the election, @davidaxelrod deserves a lot of credit. he has kept obama in it, even with his terrible record.
why would anyone in florida vote for lightweight senator marco rubio. check out his credit card scam, his house sale & his no show voting!
why doesn't @jebbush , in his ads, show my answer to his statement in the debate?
. @nikwallenda  as much credit as he's been given, he wasn’t given enough credit for his incredible feat over grand canyon.
head of air force's anti-sexual assault unit arrested for sexual assault! it just seems that our country is not what it used to be.
“i can accept failure, everyone fails at something. but i can't accept not trying.” – michael jordan
what is the standard for which you want to be known? identify that standard and follow it.
entrepreneurs: what is the standard for which you want to be known? identify that standard and then establish it.
entrepreneurs: what is the standard for which you want to be known? identify that standard & then establish it. simple, but not easy. focus!
i have to admit @alexsalmond is a tough, smart guy. he is formidable by any standard!
as usual, hillary & the dems are trying to rig the debates so 2 are up against major nfl games. same as last time w/ bernie. unacceptable!
china, russia and iran are laughing at us. we have weak leaders who are threatening our national security. dangerous times.
. @cnn is all negative when it comes to me. i don't watch it anymore.
... @lord_sugar you need the income from the show to keep going--hope it doesn't hurt.
“do not underestimate yourself, and know you are able to handle what comes your way.” – think like a champion
. @bernardgoldberg was not good tonight on @oreillyfactor . he just doesn't know about winning! but he is a nice guy.
" @oldmanconroy : it's called "climate change". no, they changed it to "climate change" when "global warming" wasn't working anymore-too cold!
wrong, used to be called global warming and when that name didn't work, they deftly changed it to climate change-because it's freezing!
the weather has been so cold for so long that the global warming hoaxsters were forced to change the name to climate change to keep $ flow!
“do you want to know who you are? don't ask. act! action will delineate and define you.” - thomas jefferson
“you have to have confidence in yourself and confidence to know that what you are doing is right.” – think big
"the sad truth is some republicans in congress are clueless when it comes to negotiation."
obama just stated "it's always good to ignore donald trump." i state he is right, especially when the truth is against him.
"@l100ran agree! the best thing @alexsalmond can do is start telling the truth and nothing but the truth!"
" @mwood_79 : @sharylattkisson why do they attack mr trump? because he has something they dont. the ability of truth! trump is here!"
four brave americans died in benghazi. administration is still covering up the truth. we deserve to know the full truth.
the totally unexpected loss of supreme court justice antonin scalia is a massive setback for the conservative movement and our country!
justice ginsburg of the . supreme court has embarrassed all by making very dumb political statements about me. her mind is shot - resign!
once again the bush appointed supreme court justice john roberts has let us down. jeb pushed him hard! remember!
i wonder if president obama would have attended the funeral of justice scalia if it were held in a mosque? very sad that he did not go!
is supreme court justice ruth bader ginsburg going to apologize to me for her misconduct? big mistake by an incompetent judge!
if i only had 1 person running against me in the primaries like hillary clinton, i would have gotten 10 million more votes than she did!
wow! new national zogby poll just out:.trump 45. cruz 13. rubio 8. big numbers.
i really enjoyed the debate last ked hillary says she is going to do so many  hasn't she done them in her last 30 years?
the debate last night proved that hillary is running against the “b” team. she won’t be so lucky when it comes to me!
who is winning the debate so far (just last name)?
" @thefix : tuesday's democratic debate is missing just one thing: donald trump." true, can you think of anyone who wants to watch?
hillary clinton is taking the day off again, she needs the rest. sleep well hillary - see you at the debate!
this is going to be a special season - truly great characters and cast. you will soon see!
" @realjoemurray :  is the best reality show on tv. this season was worth the wait! now run for president, mr. trump!"
reality tv’s  bad girl @omarosa is back on the upcoming 13th season of all star @celebapprentice . she is great as always.
. @gop need to face reality – not one of the illegal immigrants granted amnesty will vote republican.
" @gopjenna : "i don't care about the game, i care about the people." and that's exactly why we the people love you so much!  "
thank you for your support! together we can  !
thank you! together we will  !
@rebamoreland thank you & the same to you and yours.
thank you america! together- we will  !
& together we will  ! thank you for your support!
it was really strange when hillary was missing from the podium last night. not very presidential!
i wonder what the next scandal will be in .? can we handle yet another?
the fed should not do another 'stimulus.' we can't keep spending our children's future away on waste.
another freezing day in the spring - what is going on with "global warming"? good move changing the name to "climate change" - sad!
"the measure of who we are is what we do with what we have." --vince lombardi
my heart goes out to the people of boston on this terrible day!
i will be live tweeting!
well this is it, the final debate- let's see how it goes. i'll be tweeting live.
crooked hillary can't close the deal with bernie sanders. will be another bad day for her!
remember, if you do not promote yourself no one else will. when you have success, let people know about it.
if @megynkelly stopped covering me on her show, her ratings would drop like a rock! my h to h interview with @ac360 beat her by millions!
@bittersweet008 thanks kayla, enjoy.
make sure you get out and vote...most important election of our generation...go romney!
republicans and democrats must come together now to make america great again!
our country is totally split right now but someday it will come together!
in light of newtown, our country has to pull together.
" @tom38ts i wanted trump to be the president in 2012 the country needs trump to be the next president in 2016"
" @123jayne : that's our president! that's why we need you to run in 2016! i know you would never waste our money! president trump"
i'm eagerly awaiting the next polls. the debate performance could be devastating to the obama team. let's see what happens.
let’s see what happens in the boardroom…
lightweight . eric schneiderman asked us for political contributions during his investigation of us,then sued for $40 y guy!
" @hosiern : @foxnewspolitics a vote for @tedcruz or @marcorubio is a vote for corruption, special interests and lobbyists. trump for potus!
thank you senator @tedcruz !
@marcorubio 's endorsement of @mittromney shows that the gop is coalescing to defeat @barackobama .
we have got to take our country back. it's time!
the jets just don't have it. time for a quarterback change!
“if you don't have time to do it right, when will you have time to do it over?” - john wooden
we pay a disproportionate share of the cost of . why? it is time to renegotiate, and the time is now!
with our record debt & trillion $ deficits, our $ is now at an all-time low against the chinese yuan. time for our gov't to work together.
opec will use yesterday's attacks on our embassies to raise the price of gas. they are always ripping us off.
if obama attacks syria and innocent civilians are hurt and killed, he and the . will look very bad!
newt attacks on @mittromney record at bain an attack on free enterprise and entrepreneurship. mistake!
insurgents in iraq show they can still mount horrifying attacks---us wastes trillions.
thank you to all of the men and women who have served our country. you are our true heroes!
remember our brave men & women who have fallen protecting our country this memorial day!
to the brave men and women, past and present, in our armed services- best wishes on veterans day.
....that has served our country is put on a waiting list and gets no care.
84% of us troops wounded & 70% of our brave men & women killed in afghanistan have all come under obama. time to get out of there.
. @alexsalmond rt @islandbluenose you'll be doing us in scotland a great service if you win. good luck.
wages in are country are too low, good jobs are too few, and people have lost faith in our  need smart and strong leadership now!
i'm not going to be watching much nfl football anymore. too time consuming, too boring, too many flags and too soft. focus on other things!
rt @doralresort : thanks! rt @gem3wood : @donaldjtrumpjr you guys @doralresort have one hell of a leaderboard. love this tournament.
" @scott23youmans : if you run, i will vote for you. if you don't, shame on you. be cool!
. @oreillyfactor please correct, i won virginia!
thank you georgia! see you soon!
congratulations to @perduesenate on an impressive georgia primary win! david is a strong conservative who will get results in washington.
a great night in macon, georgia! thank you for all of the support. together, we will  !
thank you georgia! i appreciate all of your support.
no-one has done more for people with disabilities than me. i have spent many millions of dollars to help out-and am happy to have done so!
" @kata2bijak : you have to have big ideas, but you've got to have energy to get them done. ~ donald trump"
entrepreneurs: you have to have passion. if you love your work, success will follow.
if i run, i will be in all the primary debates and you will see why i am the only one who can make america great again!
the jets should have let them score to get the number one draft pick, who will be really good. it will just never change for them!
so, a woman in chicago, who never had a job, has 9 kids with 7 different men (she is one of many). these kids will never work. trouble!
@dalhines thanks--they are good kids!
when will @barackobama release his transcripts? what is he hiding?
... @barackobama is hiding plenty of bad things.
entrepreneurs: put everything you've got into what you're doing. know exactly what you want and go for it. nothing should be haphazard.
all recent presidents have released their transcripts. what is @barackobama hiding?
@jdmael watch what happens, dummy--it won't be pretty.
“i have a very strict gun control policy: if there's a gun around, i want to be in control of it.” - clint eastwood
our country should be worried about nuclear control far more than gun control--& that one's not even close!
happy 241st birthday to the @usarmy ! thank you!
iraq should be paying us while we fight isis. give the money to the families of our brave soldiers.
"@sluthoee: i know for a fact you would do a hell lot of a better job if you were the president of the united states instead of obama!" true
@coachclintswan tell me, what were they doing in the park, playing checkers?
it is only the people that were never asked to be vp that tell the press that they will not take the position.
as bad as they were, i don't remember our embassies being attacked when mubarak and gaddafi were in power.
in bangladesh, hostages were immediately killed by isis terrorists if they were unable to cite a verse from the koran. 20 were killed!
can't wait to meet patriotic small business owners next week in sarasota and tampa! hey @barackobama , we did build it!
obamacare will destroy small business--the backbone of america's economy.
met @newtgingrich at trump tower today. he's a big thinker.
" @dsmerza : hello donald i have looked up to your success in business relations, since i was a teenager. i am a small business owner."
. @hardball_chris ’ very small audience is shrinking rapidly because people finally understand that he is very very dumb!
. @kilmeade it was great being with you on @foxandfriends this morning. so many people saw and loved the piece. great work!
i will be interviewed on this week with george s this morning. enjoy!
i will be on @meetthepress this morning at various times across the . @nbcnews enjoy!
i will be on face the nation this morning at various times across the . @cbsnews enjoy!
i am interviewed on this week on @abc this morning. enjoy!
" @jaylefkowitz : @dewarsplz @fitsnews @sentedcruz ted cruz would be fine as would huckabee. but trump would be best and romney the worst."
when i say i would end obamacare, i would also come up with a plan that would be far better, much easier to understand, and cost less!
jeb bush and ted cruz are not electable presidential candidates, hillary would destroy them. ted may not be eligible to run - born in canada
“do more, be more, give more--and everyone will benefit.” – think like a champion
amazing that ted cruz can't even get a senator like @bensasse , who is easy, to endorse him. not one senator is endorsing canada ted!
@2cute2care_ you'll be watching!
it's too bad so few people showed up to @bobvanderplaats family leader dinner. next year i'll try & be there- and they'll have a huge crowd!
"@mondrian70 the donald would be huge boost for the  . such an icon! i know it would be a huge boost to the franchise & nfl." @nflcommish
i will be going to mississippi tomorrow night - hear the crowds are going to be massive! look forward to it.
" @belllabooo13 : @foxandfriends mr trump glad to hear you say we are going to make this country great again! your honest you tell it like it"
is the boston killer eligible for obama care to bring him back to health?
i am starting to think that there is something seriously wrong with president obama's mental health. why won't he stop the flights. psycho!
" @drake4444444 the only way to fix health care crisis is for you to run for pres & bring common sense back to govt" thx.
congratulations to our great women's olympic soccer team @ussoccer on their gold medal. they made us all proud!
congratulations to our olympic team for by far winning the most medals, including first place gold.
by the us winning the olympic medal count, we proved that both the american spirit & talent is greater than a 1.4b population. usa!
who are your favorites on team power? team plan b?
which team is your favorite?
the losing team is now back in boardroom. i can't discuss the team members or what's going on or what happens from here on out.
what team would you choose to win?
today is the first day of the rest of your life - make the most of it!
our country's debt crisis cannot be solved by tax increases. we must cut government spending.
i am "the king of debt."that has been great for me as a businessman, but is bad for the country. i made a fortune off of debt, will fix .
no taxes the only good thing about dc debt deal.
@barackobama 's jobs plan sure looks like a tax increase plan to me.
great job @erictrump ! proud of you!
i am very proud of ivanka!
thank you @donaldjtrumpjr . proud of you!
. @justinrose99 great playing--we are proud of you!
total misnomer to call obamacare ‘the affordable care act.’ affordable for whom besides big businesses & congress w/their exemptions?
“if you don't have time to do it right, when will you have time to do it over?” - john wooden
will be doing fox and friends at 7 . (in 20 minutes).
will be on @jimmykimmel in 20 minutes on @abc .
will be doing fox & friends at 7 . - 20 minutes. enjoy!
we are trying to fight isis, and now our own people are killing our police. our country is divided and out of control. the world is watching
our country, under president obama, is on life support! great leaders must bring people together.
look what is happening to our country under the weak leadership of obama and people like crooked hillary clinton. we are a divided nation!
is everyone seeing how incompetently our country is being run by watching the mess with syria? our leaders don't know what they are doing!
" @123jayne : that's our president! that's why we need you to run in 2016! i know you would never waste our money! president trump"
honor memorial day by thinking of and respecting all of the great men and women that gave their lives for us and our country! we love them.
thank you to all of the men and women who have served our country. you are our true heroes!
what about the undocumented immigrant with a record who killed the beautiful young women (in front of her father) in san fran. get smart!
we will all have fun and hopefully learn something tonight. i will shoot straight and call it as i see it, both the good and the bad. enjoy!
"i have so much admiration and respect for the 2.4 million men and women of our armed forces."
happy veterans day. to those who have served, thank you for your special work.
thank you to all of the men and women who have served our country. you are our true heroes!
on 9/11, we pray for the victims and their families of the attack and give thanks to all who have sacrificed for justice & our freedom.
we only want to admit those who love our people and support our values.
happy veterans day to all, in particular to the haters and losers who have no idea how lucky they are!!!
we have a sacred duty to care for our vets and their families. veterans deserve universal access to care anywhere and anytime!
" @gopjenna : "i don't care about the game, i care about the people." and that's exactly why we the people love you so much!  "
we have to make america great again!
is the boston killer eligible for obama care to bring him back to health?
how do you take care of our people if you don't make anything? we don't make anything. we are rapidly losing our manufacturing to china etc.
thank you south carolina!
thank you, south carolina!
thank you for the support, south carolina!
thank you to the people of new hampshire, i love you! now, off to south carolina.
thank you for all of your support, south carolina!
new book by @ericbolling is absolutely terrific and a must read!
re negotiation: know exactly what you want and keep it to yourself. think about what the other side wants and where they're coming from.
@michaeljdgregor you're absolutely right.
re negotiation: know what you want & think about what the other side wants. know where they’re coming from & do not underestimate them.
thank you - michigan!
someone just wrote that “you predicted every single major event that’s now happening—and they knock you instead of giving you credit.”
they must be kidding - can this be happening
no one wants the government to shut down, but if obamacare is fully implemented then our country will eventually shutdown anyway!
really interesting, president obama was quick to shut down flights to isreal but is totally unwilling to shut down flights from west africa!
"@jollygoodman181: vote trump for president 2016 americans last hope donald trump... let's take our country back. vote for the "don" 2016"
bernie's exhausted, he just wants to shut down and go home to bed!
"@amadorserver: donaldtrump, get in the race and shut down the opposition. i'm ready for america to be great again.
. @brithume thinks that when republicans drop out of the race, someone will pick up all of that vote. the fact is i will get much of it!
i will be live tweeting!
enjoy the super bowl!
failed candidate mitt romney,who ran one of the worst races in presidential history,is working with the establishment to bury a big "r" win!
thank you indiana! will be back soon!
the polling numbers show a close race. @mittromney needs all of our support.
thank you evansville, indiana!
"@sam_keady: you are a real life superhero and i believe you will be bring this great country where it needs to go  "
entrepreneurs: follow your instincts and keep your focus intact. you alone know where you really want to go.
we are one nation. when one hurts, we all hurt. we must all work together-to lift each other up.
we are one nation. when one state hurts, we all hurt. we must all work together - to lift each other up.
. @piersmorgan and @omarosa really hate each other.
i laugh when i see marco rubio and jeb bush pretending to "love" each other, with each talking of their great friendship. typical phony pols
our country has to come together. we have to start working with, and really liking, each other. the whole world is watching baltimore.
"@chris_r_2014: @wendypeters america desperately needs leadership & values. obama is a disgrace. we need a winner, and that is trump."
the mayweather decision is a disgrace!
...that it was hard not to end up rooting for trump..."
is that all there is? we need a new president - fast!
the banks need to start lending again otherwise the economy will continue its downturn. this is why we bailed the banks out!
crooked hillary called it totally wrong on brexit - she went with obama - and now she is saying we need her to lead. she would be a disaster
i will do far more for women than hillary, and i will keep our country safe, something which she will not be able to do-no strength/stamina!
but whenever she sees me, she kisses my ass. she's disgusting. @bettemidler
crooked hillary refuses to say that she will be raising taxes beyond belief! she will be a disaster for jobs and the economy!
honest omarosa: she won't backstab-she'll come at you from the front.
best apprentice episode ever tonight at 8:00.
tonight's episode of @apprenticenbc is not only the best episode ever, it has a great lesson in life. don't miss it!
so, what will happen to the big o on celebrity apprentice tonight. remember, i only fire people when it is deserved, not for other reasons!
remember, tonight's 8 o’clock episode of celebrity apprentice is the best ever—you will see nothing like it on tv. @apprenticenbc
be sure to watch the apprentice tonight, 10 . on nbc--it's an episode you won't forget!
think big! you are going to be thinking anyway, so you might as well think big!
. @lord_sugar if you didn’t say the ipod would be gone in a year, you might have been really rich instead of the peanut money you have.
what team would you choose to win?
"if you love what you do, you are going to work harder, you are going to try harder and you will be better at it." - think big
"if you're going to think--think big" --- the art of the deal
i am interviewed on this week on @abc this morning. enjoy!
" @rosesroi : @foxnews . trump for president please! your interview on fox gave hope again for this country. will work on your campaign."
it's time for mountain state to have a senator who will stop obama’s war on coal. this november send dc a message, vote for @capitoforwv !
i am in iowa. will be interviewed on this week with @gstephanopoulos this morning. enjoy!
if you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing, you're right. -- henry ford
" @b_thornton66 : if you were to run for president, you'd have my vote! you're what this country needs!   "
"you have to love what you do or you are never going to be successful no matter what you do in life.” - think big
"you have to love what you do or you are never going to be successful no matter what you do in life." - think big
"@toledosnow: you should run for president mr. trump! you're a great man and i would love to see what you could do for the united states!"
lets fight like hell and stop this great and disgusting injustice! the world is laughing at us.
the middle-class has become the new poor in this country and our incompetent politicians are unable to do anything about  don't care!
@dafny01 do not give up, keep moving forward.
this is the time for the united states to be strengthening all important military components - not rolling over and dealing from weakness!
we have to bring back and cherish the middle class - once the backbone and true strength of the . it can happen!
president obama should ask the dnc about how they rigged the election against bernie.
"@markpryceagee: i believe donald trump would be the best candidate to run for president under the republican party.  " i do also!
 @sheveeta : can't think of a better candidate.  trump
“if you want to be the best, you’d better be the best – in all aspects of business.” - think like a billionaire
amazing--obama speaks, market goes down-- tells cnbc he's buying stock---market goes up --- should not be that way!
reporters say it's the trump bump---i tell cnbc i am buying stocks--- and the market goes up.
“one reason many people do not do well in business is because they do not do well with people.” – midas touch
@aduanepotter do not give up--you will make it!
@dafny01 do not give up, keep moving forward.
"get respect, and do not give a damn if people like you." --think big
most people do not know what presient obama is going to do to save his legacy. i do! he's got to get back to et syria-fix the usa
@ariannahuff , i would love to represent your husband-you would end up with nothing! and please don't call tim armstrong stupid and weak?
" @lewenskimo : your opponent has run out of ideas, now resorts to personal attacks on you. every amercan knows, you represent hope!!"
with @stuartpstevens expected to represent @govchristie in the presidential race, chris will have a very hard time winning.
" @mrdeuce25 : @cnn @lindseygrahamsc donaldtrump good were glad he doesn't represent what you stand for lindsey. you are weak and have no clue
" @babyfuzz1969 : i want to see you represent, we, the people who want our country back. you will be the shining star at august 4th debate!"
if obamacare is such a wonderful law then why does obama summarily change the law before an election?
this election is a choice between law, order & safety - or chaos, crime & violence. i will make america safe again for everyone.
shooting deaths of police officers up 78% this year. we must restore law and order and protect our great law enforcement officers!
the ratings for the celebrity apprentice were fantastic and everyone had a great time. it was a terrific season -- congrats to everyone!
all presidential candidates should immediately disavow their super pac’s. they're not only breaking the spirit of the law but the law itself
@phil_grech your not free, you'll never be free. you'll be back (if you ever left) because you can't help yourself!
"sometimes the best thing you can do is just let things ride, let time go by." donald j. trump
thank you west virginia. let's keep it going. go out and vote on tuesday - we will win big.
" @jaredwyand : let's be clear..  is about "never someone we don't own" you either play into it & let them win or vote trump.
thank you for all of your support! let's  !
let’s all take a moment to remember all of the heroes from a very tragic day that we cannot let happen again!
happy father's day to all, even the haters and losers!
happy easter - have a great day!
happy easter to all, have a great day!
happy belated birthday to chris wallace! chris does a great job every week on @foxnewssunday . like father, like son.
happy thanksgiving everyone, enjoy your day!
i am pleased to announce that i have chosen governor mike pence as my vice presidential running mate. news conference tomorrow at 11:00 .
" @therealtommydel trump for president! tom brady as running mate?"
" @yankeerunnerlv : tonight is perfect time for . to announce he's running for  let america know help is on way   "
" @bombasticsigma : can you just announce already that you're running for president so i can campaign for you.
“let your passion for your work carry you through all the setbacks they can throw at you.” – trump never give up
" @vandaman86 : you have conquered so much in business. your children will carry on your legacy. now make america great again!!!  "
make no mistake---fast and furious goes all the way to the white house.
keep lightweight marco and his friends out of the white house.
don't let them build a wind turbine in your backyard (or near your house). it will destroy your property value.
i will bring our jobs back to america, fix our military and take care of our vets, end common core and obamacare, protect 2nd a, build wall
sad to watch bernie sanders abandon his revolution. we welcome all voters who want to fix our rigged system and bring back our jobs.
we have got to take our country back. it's time!
@leebandoni so you can see what i mean.
@mcuban ---- do you mean the president's birthplace?
" @erikmthompson : i just don't want  to run for president because that would mean no more  donald trumps letterman
" @stonebreakerii : i would most definitely vote for trump for president!! he would be a real leader unlike what we have now @oreillyfactor "
iran's quest for nuclear weapons is a major threat to our nation's national security interests. we can't allow iran to go nuclear.
the only global warming that people should be concerned with is the global warming caused by nuclear weapons because of our weak . leader
" @nectarusafsm : @kyleraccio i want donald trump to be president. he knows business and people. he needs to be in the oval office, now."
the podium in the oval office looks odd! not good, but the words will be the key.
" @ricd384 : the united states of america needs a real man in the oval office. mr. donald trump, america is ready for you. lets do it'"
" @woodrowwinters nothing would make me prouder than to see mr. trump in the oval office. business would get done." thanks and true.
obama is community organizing from the oval office on ferguson today. more riots sure to follow.
thank you for your support! together we can  !
in game 7 of the world series tonight, the giants are making a big mistake in not starting their ace against ., even with two days rest.
let us never negotiate out of fear, but let us never fear to negotiate. --john f. kennedy, inaugural address, january 1961
all he does is go on television is talk, talk, talk, but incapable of doing anything.
"the best thing you can do is deal from strength, and leverage is the biggest strength you have.” – the art of the deal
“compete with yourself to be the best you can be.” – think like a champion
the @washingtonpost quickly put together a hit job book on me- comprised of copies of some of their inaccurate stories. don't buy, boring!
good news is that my campaign has perhaps more cash than any campaign in the history of politics- b/c i stand 100% behind everything we do.
the success of shark tank over the years is a total joke compared to the success of the apprentice, one of the biggest hits in . history.
i employ many people in hawaii at my great hotel in honolulu. i’ll be there very soon. vote for me, hawaii!
“if you like your healthcare plan you can keep it.” = “i was born in hawaii.”
i will be live tweeting!
i never want someone working for me who doesn’t want to be there--and in the same way, you shouldn’t want to be there, either.
republicans gave obama a free pass to the white house -- they just don't get it.
keep lightweight marco and his friends out of the white house.
the more i get to know @mittromney the more i like him. he has the judgment and private sector experience america needs in the white house.
fast and furious gun running goes all the way to the white house. we need answers now!
make no mistake---fast and furious goes all the way to the white house.
if hillary thinks she can unleash her husband, with his terrible record of women abuse, while playing the women's card on me, she's wrong!
wisdom comes as a result of both experience and knowledge. it's something you can't teach someone else--you have to achieve it on your own.
entrepreneurs: identify your goals. know precisely what you want to achieve. have your own vision and stick with it!
it all comes down to one simple question: how much money can you stand to lose? that’s how much risk you should assume.
"for what is the best choice, for each individual, is the highest it is possible for him to achieve." aristotle
"for what is the best choice, for each individual, is the highest it is possible for him to achieve." -- aristotle
i'm urging my friends in brooklyn to vote for bob turner tomorrow--send @barackobama a message.
have any questions? send them in.  /a
wow, the highly respected governor of iowa just stated that "ted cruz must be defeated." big shoker! people do not like ted.
jeb bush and ted cruz are not electable presidential candidates, hillary would destroy them. ted may not be eligible to run - born in canada
i don’t like seeing the pope standing at the checkout counter (front desk) of a hotel in order to pay his bill. it’s not pope-like!
thank you high point, nc! i will fight for every neglected part of this nation & i will fight to bring us together as one american people!
the final five—this has been a fight—and i think the fight will continue…
lets fight like hell and stop this great and disgusting injustice! the world is laughing at us.
today is  . let us be thankful for our nation’s finest who fight at all corners of the earth to protect our freedoms.
if obama has to re-fight this fight next year he loses -- "watch the fine details in every deal" -- the art of the deal
when somebody challenges you, fight back -- be tough!
young entrepreneurs: your success is measured by results. be productive in the face of challenges. setbacks are not fatal.
"people who have the ability to work should. but with the government happy to send checks, too many of them don't."
" @mwood_79 : @sharylattkisson why do they attack mr trump? because he has something they dont. the ability of truth! trump is here!"
does any republican have the ability to negotiate?
i am in scotland checking on my developments in aberdeen and turnberry. just left ireland, property will be great. always checking!
thank you, new hampshire!
thank you new hampshire!
@andreatantaros it was great to see you - say hi to all!
@maggieaveu_a thanks and say hi to your son!
“if you want to be the best, you’d better be the best – in all aspects of business.” - think like a billionaire
“if you want the best, you’d better be the best – in all aspects of business.” – think like a billionaire
thinking small when you could think big limits you in all aspects of your life.
" @belllabooo13 : @foxandfriends as always great job mr trump!! truth we all need to hear it! you gave us hope!! we need it now!!"
is that all there is? we need a new president - fast!
republicans remember—debt ceiling, debt ceiling, debt ceiling—be smart and you will win!
fact – the tighter the gun laws, the more violence. the criminals will always have guns.
" @rbacliff : hillary wants to rip the guns out of america's hands. no guns = no protection. get on  & join @nra to stop her."
. @ericbolling you can do much better than you did tonight on @oreillyfactor . better luck tomorrow!
iran has never had a better friend than obama.
my twitter account is now reaching more people than the new york times--not bad. and we're only going to get better!
we are going to win and make america great again, maybe better than ever before!
" @joehos18 : trump 96% success rate in business, only 4 out of 100+ companies went south. better than any other candidate. better than all"
“your money should be at work at all times. even in the worst economy, there is no excuse." - think like a billionaire
there is no excuse for riots in ferguson regardless of the grand jury outcome.
the republican party of new york has been conditioned to lose, and there is no excuse for this. leadership must move fast and decisively!
our country is being torn apart from the inside--it's getting nasty out there.
great memory @therealmarilu !
obama was beaten but not knocked out. he lives to fight another day. but in the real world presidents are not given a second chance...
it's not whether you get knocked down, it's whether you get up. -- vince lombardi
i told you that the giants starting hudson was a mistake. just got knocked out of the game. i love being right!
anderson silva just got knocked out by new champion chris weidman! congrats to chris.
the dying @unionleader newspaper in nh is in turmoil over my comments about them- like a bully that got knocked out!
"if you're going to think--think big" --- the art of the deal
hillary clinton has been involved in corruption for most of her professional life!
if you think we have a problem with social security and medicare now, try taking in millions of new citizens all at once.
" @sensanders : i have a message for donald trump: no, we’re not going to hate latinos, we’re not going to hate muslims." i fully agree!
to all @mittromney supporters, make sure you have taken advantage of early voting now so you can gotv on election day.
“luck does not come around often. so when it does, be sure to take full advantage of it, even if it means working hard." think big
make sure you get out and vote...most important election of our generation...go romney!
make sure to follow me on @periscopeco
when will obama next go on vacation if he wins the election? the day after.
. @morning_joe is so off on iowa, which i am leading big in new @cnn poll. i will win iowa. also, i beat hillary easily!
“real estate is at the core of almost every business, and it's certainly at the core of most people's wealth.” – think like a billionaire
i have been consistent in my opposition to common core. get rid of common core--- keep education local!
unemployment has risen today and some other very bad news has just been reported- the stock market is way down.
good news is that my campaign has perhaps more cash than any campaign in the history of politics- b/c i stand 100% behind everything we do.
is that all there is? we need a new president - fast!
just shows that you can have all the cards and lose if you don’t know what you’re doing.
looks like @omarosa is up to the challenge.
" @oldmanconroy : it's called "climate change". no, they changed it to "climate change" when "global warming" wasn't working anymore-too cold!
the weather has been so cold for so long that the global warming hoaxsters were forced to change the name to climate change to keep $ flow!
can you believe the republicans are studying the democrats on how to win an election?
it’s about time for all americans (republicans & democrats) to force our elected officials to start acting fiscally responsible!
obama and the democrats are laughing at the deal they just made...the republicans got nothing!
republicans and democrats must come together now to make america great again!
" @woodardralph31 : @gene70 @macys we the people are so tired of all the guys talking the same old same donald will back up his words!!!!"
thank you for your support & friendship- governor @chrischristie !
" @ccrealty2 : friendship can be really tested only in bad times ~ donald trump      "
it would be nice if our commander-in-chief was as concerned for our veterans health as he is for illegal immigrants becoming citizens.
iran's quest for nuclear weapons is a major threat to our nation's national security interests. we can't allow iran to go nuclear.
may the festival of lights bring our jewish friends from around the world, health & happiness! happy hanukkah!
happy new year to all my jewish friends celebrating the holiday.
wishing everyone a happy, healthy and prosperous new year!
@ptlyons thank you. wishing you and yours a happy new year too.
the lights went out in new orleans...the country's lights went out also. we are not the same place!
if you can’t adapt to new situations then you will never be successful. every change is a new opportunity to use your talent.
the gop doesn't waste an opportunity to waste an opportunity. defunding obamacare should be central to any deal.
...it's called intellectual property rights, something they know nothing about.
when isis caught the soldiers, do you think they read them their legal rights prior to executing them?
keep lightweight marco and his friends out of the white house.
there can never be a sharp economic recovery until @barackobama is out of the white house.
has pres. obama or the white house told the public what happened in algeria yet? where’s the media?
republicans gave obama a free pass to the white house -- they just don't get it.
fast and furious gun running goes all the way to the white house. we need answers now!
let's not start celebrating over libya until we see who takes over.
"you can't tax business. business doesn't pay taxes. it collects taxes." ― ronald reagan
a clinton economy = more taxes and more spending!
i'm on the david letterman @lateshow tonight--looking forward to it. 11:35 pm on cbs.
my sons, don and eric, are on @foxandfriends now 7:35. great kids, enjoy!
my performance from last week on david letterman @late_show will be re-aired tonight at 11:35 pm on cbs.
don't forget to watch me tonight on late night with jimmy fallon, 12:35 . on nbc. i'll be making a big announcement!
" @joenbc : latest umass tracking poll. nh gop trump 35 (+1) rubio 14 (-1) cruz 13 (-1) jeb 10 (+2) kasich 10 (+2)"
we are now at a time, perhaps more than ever before, when the world needs great leadership!
“recognize that the world needs more entrepreneurs. everyone is counting on you.” – midas touch
" @beautifulblusky : now that republicans are dominating the house, all america needs now mr. trump is you for 2016 president of the usa!
our country needs leadership now. there is total dysfunction in washington.
@manos_panos love what you do!
give yourself a chance--make every day a discovery.
“destiny has a part to play in your life and in your business--so give it a chance to work.” – think like a champion
"destiny has a part to play in your life and in your business - so give it a chance to work." - think like a champion
“destiny has a part to play in your life and in your business – so give it a chance to work.” – think like a champion
“be ready for problems-you’ll have them every day. keep your focus and be as big as your daily challenges.” – trump never give up
re real estate: you don’t necessarily need the best location. what you need is the best deal…
great poll- thank you nevada!
entrepreneurs: paying attention is a cost effective way of protecting yourself.
paying attention is a cost effective way of protecting yourself and your interests.
entrepreneurs: paying attention can be a cost effective way of protecting yourself.
our nation is a once great nation divided!
the  trend on twitter right now is  - thank you!
if you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing, you're right. -- henry ford
" @babyfuzz1969 : declare your candidacy! right time, right age, right mind w/common sense, right leadership    "
do you think i made the right decision?
all eyes are on florida today. i will be watching the gop primary results very closely. we need the right candidate to beat @barackobama .
just shows that you can have all the cards and lose if you don’t know what you’re doing.
what can you learn today that you didn't know before? set the bar high -- do the best you possibly can.
if you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing, you're right. -- henry ford
whether you think you can or think you can't---you are right. -- henry ford
" @bombasticsigma : can you just announce already that you're running for president so i can campaign for you.
why can't the pundits be honest? hopefully we are all looking for a strong and great country again. i will make it strong and great! jobs!
we have a sacred duty to care for our vets and their families. veterans deserve universal access to care anywhere and anytime!
such great support in new hampshire. so many people are working so hard to  !
"the best thing you can do is deal from strength, and leverage is the biggest strength you have.” – the art of the deal
the art of the deal--"the best thing you can do is deal from strength, and leverage is the biggest strength you have." cut, cap and balance.
in hillary clinton's america - things get worse.
"more than anything else, i think deal-making is an ability you're born with. it's in the genes."
"don't take vacations. what's the point? if you're not enjoying your work, you're in the wrong job." -- think like a billionaire
constitutional law expert  tribe of harvard says "wrong to say it (natural born citizen) is a settled matter-it isn't settled).
" @b_thornton66 : if you were to run for president, you'd have my vote! you're what this country needs!   "
“if you like your healthcare plan you can keep it.” = “i was born in hawaii.”
thank you senator @tedcruz !
thank you for your support!
congratulations to @joniernst on delivering a strong conservative message in her  response. joni will be a great senator.
senator landrieu, if you are a senator representing louisiana, then you should own a home in the state. send @billcassidy to the senate!
we have a sacred duty to care for our vets and their families. veterans deserve universal access to care anywhere and anytime!
"the sad truth is some republicans in congress are clueless when it comes to negotiation."
obama just stated "it's always good to ignore donald trump." i state he is right, especially when the truth is against him.
"@l100ran agree! the best thing @alexsalmond can do is start telling the truth and nothing but the truth!"
" @mwood_79 : @sharylattkisson why do they attack mr trump? because he has something they dont. the ability of truth! trump is here!"
four brave americans died in benghazi. administration is still covering up the truth. we deserve to know the full truth.
thank you arkansas! get out &  on tuesday. we will make america safe & great again!
made a speech in arkansas last night before a record gop crowd. great spirit and amazing people. make america great again!
my thoughts and prayers are with the two police officers shot in sebastian county, arkansas.
haters and losers say i wear a wig (i don't), say i went bankrupt (i didn't), say i'm worth $3.9 billion (much more). they know the truth!
people like @katyturnbc report on my campaign, but have zero access. they say what they want without any  of so much of media!
the stage is set for the real debate--it will be very interesting!
at the request of many- i will be doing live tweets during the next presidential debate.
" @thesergiogarcia played the new trump doral this morning! should be great for next week!" thx sergio, u will do great next week, see u then
sorry, there is no star on the stage tonight!
last week's episode of the celebrity apprentice set the stage for a great new season. tune in this sunday on nbc for even more excitement.
“a failure or setback is not a defeat. defeat is a state of mind. you are defeated only when you accept defeat.” – think big
you have no idea what my strategy on isis is, and neither does isis (a good thing). please get your facts straight - thanks. @megynkelly
yesterday the white house claimed its isis strategy is a 'success.' tell that to the christians being beheaded. we need to hit isis hard!
we all know that chess is a game of strategy. so is business. think about that and develop a strategy starting today.
"never confuse a single defeat with a final defeat." ― f. scott fitzgerald
thank you south carolina!
thank you, south carolina!
thank you for the support, south carolina!
thank you for all of your support, south carolina!
love the people of south carolina - look very much forward to the debate tonight.
“do you want to know who you are? don't ask. act! action will delineate and define you.” - thomas jefferson
" @bestmjpics : michael jackson with donald trump   "
“one man with courage is a majority.” - thomas jefferson
my message, make america great again, is beginning to take hold. bring back our jobs, strengthen our military and borders, help our vets!
china is complaining about 2,500 marines being placed in australia. meanwhile they are building bases across latin america.
i will bring our jobs back to the ., and keep our companies from leaving. nobody else can do it. our economy will "sing" again.
i wish tonight's debate would cover more than foreign policy.
our foreign policy decisions are dumbest in . history
obama's foreign policy is a complete and total disaster--the worst president we have ever had.
what do you think obama will do when putin seizes alaska?
"@zander_humes: wish donald trump didn't stop running for president." so do i!
the majority of americans agree with @mittromney 's comments on @israel and iran.
. @cnn is the  go to their dumb, one-sided panels when a podium speaker is for trump! vast majority want: make america great again!
hillary will never reform wall street. she is owned by wall street!
congrats to obama & democrats. cbo has just announced that obamacare missed its uninsured target by half & program costs extra $700b+.
wow, just watching the acare and the website are totally out of control. costs are through the roof. this could be ruinous to .!
with proper thinking and leadership, we can have a much better plan than obamacare - something that works for the people and costs much less
if you include people who have left the work force, unemployment rate is 15%. labor participation rate is lowest in 70 yrs.
american homeownership rate in q2 2016 was 62.9% - lowest rate in 51yrs. we will bring back the 'american dream!'
great poll out of illinois! thank you!
thank you cleveland. we love you and will be back many times!
thank you new york! i love you!
thank you- new york! i love you!
thank you arizona- i love you!
i love you arizona! thank you!
. @kevinjonas was great but he brought the wrong person into the boardroom. had he brought lorenzo in, he would not have been fired.
this is a movement!
i have brought millions of people into the republican party, while the dems are going down. establishment wants to kill this movement!
@protagonisthero he brought them on himself!
stuart stevens is a dumb guy who fails @virtually everything he touches. romney campaign,his book,etc. why does @andersoncooper put him on?
i am hearing that @nrcc digital director @lansing is doing great work expanding and modernizing @gop social media. good – we need it.
who are your favorites on team power? team plan b?
it is almost time. i will be making a major announcement from @trumptowerny at 11am. follow on social media!
@clayaiken might get some use out of the chi touch digital hairdryer. not the same for @arsenioofficial .
the  was amazing --- so much fun!
it's thursday, how much $ has @barackobama wasted today?
. @nbcsnl - so much fun last night!
it’s thursday. how much has opec ripped us off today?
it’s thursday. how much did opec steal from all of us today?
what is he reading?
obama talks about what he is going to do--why the hell didn't he just do it, especially in the first 2 years when he had all votes necessary
i have nothing to do with the plaza casino in atlantic city. i have not been involved with atlantic city for many years. used to love .!
" @stonezipper : @stephenfhayes donald trump if he stops running for president he's not what we the people think he is." will never happen!
even the once great caesars is bankrupt in . others to follow. ask the democrat city council what happened to atlantic city.
entrepreneurs: don’t ever think you’ve done it all already or that you’ve done your best. you haven't-- so don't limit yourself!
you've got something unique to offer. find out what it is. ask yourself: what can i provide that does not yet exist?
on @fallontonight with @jimmyfallon at 11:30 pm. enjoy!
amazing crowd outside @fallontonight . tune in tonight at 11:30.
thousands of fans have been sending letters to trump tower in anticipation of @celebapprentice . really good show.
will be on @fallontonight with @jimmyfallon on @nbc at 11:35pme. enjoy!
will be joining @jimmyfallon on @fallontonight at 11:35pme tonight. enjoy!
thank you des moines, iowa! governor @mike_pence and i appreciate your support!
on my way to iowa. will be landing in des moines in two hours. see ya!
a great evening in iowa! thank you des moines area community college for a great forum!
if you live in a state with early voting, you should be voting as soon as possible. bring your friends and family with you.
i am on @foxandfriends now! tune in!
congratulations to michelle and barack obama on their 20th anniversary.
i was nice to loser @rosie and she attacked me--it just shows never let up with a bully. they only fade when you hit them hard!
i am so glad @rosie got fired by @oprah . rosie is a bully and it's always nice to see bullies go down!
congratulations to bret michaels, the new celebrity apprentice. bret's a true champion, all of us were happy to see him and to see him win!
thank you ohio - see you tonight!
" @gen_yvette : @markus_42 i'd vote for him if he were our candidate. i'd go door-to-do for him, too. i'd feel safe with him as president."
thank you new jersey!
carly fiorina- i agree! ted cruz is just another politician. all talk- no action!
congratulations @jean_georgesnyc for 10 years of 3  ! visit the restaurant in @trumpnewyork for a meal you’ll never forget.
make sure to have fun and celebrate nye with friends and family. happy new year everyone!
voting for @govgaryjohnson is voting for obama--don't waste your vote!
if you live in a state with early voting, you should be voting as soon as possible. bring your friends and family with you.
biggest story in politics is now happening in the great state of colorado where over one million people have been precluded from voting!
entrepreneurs: do your best to your utmost ability every day. make that your standard.
“pride yourself on your ability to find creative solutions to tough problems." - think big
“if we get tough and make the hard choices, we can make america a rich nation—and respected—once again.” – time to get tough
our nation is a once great nation divided!
how do you take care of our people if you don't make anything? we don't make anything. we are rapidly losing our manufacturing to china etc.
" @rhettriley1234 : trump only wins with our votes. we must grow trump nation and do our part. vote. this is our time.
i don’t know why our allies are so surprised obama is tapping their phones? nothing changes!
why did @mittromney give his tax returns without demanding that obama release his college records & applications in return?
ted cruz is incensed that i want to refocus nato on terrorism, as well as current mission, but also want others to pay fair share, a must!
"you can't tax business. business doesn't pay taxes. it collects taxes." ― ronald reagan
failed presidential candidate @mittromney was made to look like a fool by senator harry reid & didn't release his tax returns until 9/21/12.
. @agschneiderman should remove his eyeliner, as pointed out by cuomo, when he does his commercials!
the worst thing hillary could do is have her husband campaign for her. just watch.
. @ariannahuff is unattractive both inside and out. i fully understand why her former husband left her for a man- he made a good decision.
funny that the democrats would have their convention in pennsylvania where her husband and her killed so many jobs. i will bring jobs back!
put kathleen sebelius out of her misery and lovingly say, you're fired! let her go home to her family and rest. bring in top flight people!
" @michaelurso2 : mr trump did you deny megyn kelly. what is her issue! i used to like her. can't stand her now. very little talent! @foxnews
we are trying to fight isis, and now our own people are killing our police. our country is divided and out of control. the world is watching
it is time to get out of afghanistan. we are building roads and schools for people that hate us. it is not in our national interests.
a big day for new york and for our country! make america great again!
thank you to all of the men and women who have served our country. you are our true heroes!
i have a dream that our country will be great again!
we can create jobs in the american economy by protecting our own manufacturing sector.
" @jenniferjjacobs : trump: "protect the 2nd amendment...and by the way we’re going to be saying merry christmas again." iowa crowd loves it."
happy father's day to all, even the haters and losers!
happy easter - have a great day!
happy easter to all, have a great day!
happy thanksgiving everyone, enjoy your day!
remember trump ties & shirts @macys for fathers day--your father will love you even more!
my heart goes out to the people of boston on this terrible day!
all those politicians in washington and not one good negotiator.
my heart & prayers go out to all of the victims of the terrible  tragedy. this madness must be stopped, and i will stop it.
"sooner or later, those who win are those who think they can." --paul tournier
my condolences to those involved in today's horrible accident in nj and my deepest gratitude to all of the amazing first responders.
the last person that hillary or bernie want to run against is donald trump --- and that is fact!
you must be kidding-zero chance he is innocent!
we are stupidly paying iran billions of dollars that we should not be paying. why isn't this part of the nuclear negotiations? really dumb!
“one reason many people do not do well in business is because they do not do well with people.” – midas touch
i'm going to do what @mittromney was totally unable to do- win!
"the only way to do great work is to love what you do." – steve jobs
just watched @meetthepress and how totally biased against me chuck todd, and the entire show, is against  good news-the people get it!
great job @adamscott - you deserve it!
" @roniseale : the american people deserve a wall to protect our jobs, economy and our safety. i am the only candidate who would build it."
"@writeitnow_: do you want to be inspired? watch @joan_rivers on the apprentice season eight!!!! amazing woman! thanks for choosing her!"
leaving now for tennessee. big crowd!
the people of tennessee yesterday were amazing. thank you!
just got back from south carolina. going to alabama tomorrow!
loved being with my many friends in tennessee. the crowd and enthusiasm was fantastic. i won the straw poll big!
. @foxandfriends in five minutes!
. @gop house leadership – establish select committee on benghazi. there is a massive coverup.
great decision by @speakerboehner in placing @tgowdysc as chairman of the benghazi select committee. gowdy is a seasoned prosecutor.
will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 this morning - enjoy!
i will be on @foxandfriends this morning at 8:30. enjoy!
i will be doing @foxandfriends this morning at 8 (not 7).
" @maxmacgruder : the man who would've kept us right years ago, the man who will put us right in the future. the only real choice.  "
total misnomer to call obamacare ‘the affordable care act.’ affordable for whom besides big businesses & congress w/their exemptions?
@politifact ’s  is obama’s if you like your health care plan, you can keep it. wrong. it’s the lie of the decade.
if you don't believe in yourself, no one else will.
getting ready to make my speech at  . a great honor!
get ready for tonight!
jodi, if you're listening, make a deal!
getting ready to watch the debate--- as they say "let's get ready to rumble"!
@dannyzuker , are you ready for the deal?
it would be nice if our commander-in-chief was as concerned for our veterans health as he is for illegal immigrants becoming citizens.
thank you to our fantastic veterans. the reviews and polls from almost everyone of my commander-in-chief presentation were great. nice!
this story is no longer about john mccain, it’s about our horribly treated vets. illegals are treated better than our wonderful veterans.
the veterans of our country have been treated like third class citizens for many years...
" @yankeeworshiper thank you to donald trump for standing up for what you believe e the  lies for hillary and barack."
"@mrtonyroberts1: greatest country on earth, the united states of america need a strong leader just like you! you are the best"
i have traveled the world. america is the most beautiful country on earth.
really looking forward to watching the masters this weekend - one of the greatest shows on earth!
" @odedonrealitytv i'm not a golf fan at all. i'd say @apprenticenbc is one of the greatest shows on earth.   "
why is the @gop being asked to do a debate that is so much longer than the just-aired and very boring  ?
“strive for wholeness and keep your sense of wonder intact, & you will find yourself ready for a grand slam.” - think like a champion
"@seangeezee: announced today the 33rd  grand slam of golf to be held @trumpnationalla oct2015 @nbcsportsradio  "
remember when i said when saddam hussein fell - the new leader of iraq will be meaner and tougher and hate the . even more. welcome isis!
iraq is far worse and of more danger to the . now than it ever was under saddam hussein - and this after $2 trillion and so many lives!
" @jeffreyguterman : years ago t said if us removed saddam hussein from iraq, somebody worse would replace him. he was right about that:
crooked hillary has been fighting isis, or whatever she has been doing, for years. now she has new ideas. it is time for change.
i know it has been many years since our country made great deals, but isn't it about time we start, right now. make america great again!
i'll be at liberty university monday, 10 am, for speech. looking forward to meeting students--all sold out!
obama & clinton should stop meeting with special interests, & start meeting with the victims of illegal immigration.
hillary will never reform wall street. she is owned by wall street!
lyin' ted cruz can't get votes (i am millions ahead of him) so he has to get his delegates from the republican bosses. it won't work!
" @cj112connie i don't get the media??trump is ahead in every poll, but won't give him credit, they say he won't make it?? 60% of us say yes"
occupy wall street is at it again- go out and get a job. it's actually easier work and far more rewarding.
jobs report is really bad - beyond the worst  bad day on wall street!
we can create jobs in the american economy by protecting our own manufacturing sector.
npr's @nealconan said "schlonged" to wapo re: 1984 mondale/ferraro campaign: "that ticket went on to get schlonged at the polls."
“know from the inside out that you have the power to succeed and you will.” – think like a champion
“know from inside out that you have the power to succeed and you will. that’s taking control.” – think like a champion
thank you kansas! thousands of people inside- and thousands outside who couldn't get into the hall. really amazing!
“if you strike out, nobody is going to help you--not your friends, not the government. you have to look to look out for yourself.”-think big
thank you to the greatest heroes
congratulations to @allenwest on winning last night's primary!
congratulations to @jasondufner on winning the pga championship. great job!
thank you anaheim, california!
thank you redding, california!
thank you sacramento, california!
congress should be worried about american workers not people who came into our country by breaking our laws.
our country, under president obama, is on life support! great leaders must bring people together.
" @absabella p speaks the truth and will not back down!! that's why he will be our next president!!  "
a doctor on nbc nightly news agreed with me-we should not bring ebola into our country through two patients, but should bring docs to them.
in light of newtown, our country has to pull together.
today will be a big day @team_mitch for you in many ways. the country is lucky.
my wife, melania, will be on @qvc today @5 pm selling really beautiful jewelry at a very low price. perfect for mother’s day—call in!
get rid of all of these commercials.
“don't fight the problem, decide it.” – general george c. marshall
if these scandals happened before the election, obama could not have won.
i won the debate if you decide without watching the totally one-sided "spin" that followed. this despite the really bad microphone.
today is the first day of the rest of your life - make the most of it!
looking forward to seeing joe mcquaid, curtis barry and my many friends in the granite state!
excited to be travelling to new hampshire on monday. the granite state is a model for the country. live free or die!
big thanks to @david_bossie , @citizens_united & @afphq for hosting me at  . will be back to the granite state soon!
flying to new hampshire to keynote the @loebschool first amendment award ceremony. always great to visit the granite state!
follow @trumpnh for all the updates on my new hampshire political activities. looking forward to returning to the granite state on may 14!
if you're passionate about your work, you will never give up.
the republicans will get zero credit for passing immigration reform—and i said zero!
immigration reform really changes the voting scales for the republicans—for the worse!
again, immigration reform is fine—but don’t rush to give away our country. that’s what’s happening!
on immigration, i’m consulting with our immigration officers & our wage-earners. hillary clinton is consulting with wall street.
" @carrillo_pete :  america great again. we need a outsider to bring class and discernment back to our nation. we need  "
veterans, please call 855- vets- 352 or email address veterans@ to share your stories about the need to reform the va.
we need much tougher, much smarter leadership - and we need it now!
we have a sacred duty to care for our vets and their families. veterans deserve universal access to care anywhere and anytime!
hillary said with respect to isis, "we are finally where we need to be." do we want 4 more years of incompetent leadership? maga!
congratulations to michael jordan on his marriage over the weekend.
@da1nonlyasulony thank you so much adam!
@adamscott - i am really proud of you adam - i'll see you soon at trump national doral!
@ascotcarrental i know adam--he's a great player & great guy!
"winners, i am convinced, imagine their dreams first. they want it with all their heart and expect it to come true." - joe montana
young entrepreneurs across the us are trying to make deals & build businesses daily. stay positive, think big & big things will happen
" @yang_karl : all scott pelley did by being disrespectful was make it easier to make up my mind who to vote for and that will be trump."
@mittromney will turn this mess around!
"things turn out best for the people who make the best of the way things turn out." -- john wooden
turn on @oreillyfactor now and enjoy true brilliance!
get ready to turn to nbc for celebrity apprentice -- tonight's show is great!
15k in ok! had to turn away 5k, but we are coming back soon to take care of them! so much love in the crowd! thanks!
today is the first day of the rest of your life - make the most of it!
new book by @ericbolling is absolutely terrific and a must read!
" @steveleno80 the art of the deal was the 1st book i read of yours and it was n still is a great read. all of ur books r great reads" thanks
“to keep your goals alive you must take action every day. no one should care about your money and success more than you do.” -- think big
entrepreneurs: do your best to your utmost ability every day. make that your standard.
don't ever forget, we will, together, make america great again!
don't forget to watch celebrity apprentice tonight at 9 on nbc - great episode!
six hours left to  connecticut!
@politifact ’s  is obama’s if you like your health care plan, you can keep it. wrong. it’s the lie of the decade.
with allies like egypt and libya, who needs enemies?!
does anybody really think that president obama didn't know about our spying on the leaders of allies around the world - not possible!
i don’t know why our allies are so surprised obama is tapping their phones? nothing changes!
keystone must be approved. oil is at a record high. we need to use our resources and support allies like canada.
i'm glad that mark cuban won the ridiculous case with the . it never should have been brought in the first place!
trump will make america great!!!!
" @lee_richter : trump will make america safe again...he will make america legal again...he will make america great again!  usa"
haters, stop saying i went bankrupt, it is not so. i never went bankrupt...
" @hillarysusans : @ivankatrump your dad is awesome. he should run for president. he could raise the country like he raised his kids and wow."
" @stonezipper : @stephenfhayes donald trump if he stops running for president he's not what we the people think he is." will never happen!
i never want someone working for me who doesn’t want to be there--and in the same way, you shouldn’t want to be there, either.
i don't want to be the only billionaire in america---i want all americans to be rich.
" @masterbaxter8 : only someone like you "successful at so much" deserves a shot to be president! we don't need another mediocre politician."
get rid of gun free zones. the four great marines who were just shot never had a chance. they were highly trained but helpless without guns.
crooked hillary wants to take your 2nd amendment rights away. will guns be taken from her heavily armed secret service detail? maybe not!
i will be on the @katieshow today at 3 pm et
watch my interview with @ericbolling on @foxnews today at 11:30am et
watch cnn tomorrow at 2 pm & 5 pm and on friday at 7 pm & 11 pm for a thanksgiving special hosted by john king. i'll be a featured guest.
i will be live tweeting during tonight's  9 pm et @nbc
the new edition of the apprentice will be on thursdays this fall at 10 pm et---i'm putting people back to work!
" @bjkizer74 :donaldtrump why do we keep putting the same people on the republican ticket for potus? romney? bush? cruz? paul?  "
still time to get out and vote!
i very much look forward to tomorrow’s debate in new hampshire—so many things to say, so much at stake. it will be an incredible evening!
i'm going to the border tomorrow. will be seeing some really brave people. look forward to a big day!
don't forget the open call at trump tower tomorrow for the apprentice. i look forward to seeing you there.
i look forward to tonight's "debate" -- but look far more forward to making america great again. it can happen!
also, tomorrow night i will be going to boone and ames. really look forward to seeing all of my friends in iowa.
why can't the pundits be honest? hopefully we are all looking for a strong and great country again. i will make it strong and great! jobs!
we need strong, tough and brilliant leadership now more than ever! make america great again!
" @eastonwestwood : please run for president again! america is almost finished but might have a chance if you're president in jan.2017."
it's jan. 2. president obama should end his vacation early & get back to washington to straighten out the obamacare catastrophe--or end it.
president obama has a personal responsibility to visit & embrace all people in the us who contract ebola!
“if you want to be successful at anything in life, you have to be able to handle pressure.” – think big
chicago is a shooting disaster-they should immediately go to stop and frisk. they have no choice, hundreds of lives would be saved!
fact – the tighter the gun laws, the more violence. the criminals will always have guns.
" @roniseale : the american people deserve a wall to protect our jobs, economy and our safety. i am the only candidate who would build it."
there's only only one person who has defunded medicare. his name is @barackobama .
there's only one candidate who cut medicare and that's barack obama. cut over $700m to move into obamacare.
where is the progress in the state of new york over the last three years? there is none--only backwards.
how is bernie sanders going to defend our country if he can't even defend his own microphone? very sad!
best ratings for the dateline show were for six months, not two months!
my condolences and prayers to the victims of the terrorist attack in paris.
"sometimes the best thing you can do is just let things ride, let time go by." donald j. trump
thank you - so nice.
thank you west virginia. let's keep it going. go out and vote on tuesday - we will win big.
thank you for all of your support! let's  !
who would you like to see on next season of  ? let us know- everyone wants to be on it.
re: negotiation: view any conflict as an opportunity. be a diplomat as much as possible.
if you're going to be thinking, you may as well think big.
" @entreprenershp : as long as you’re going to be thinking anyway, think big. – donald trump"
" @media2commerce : "as long as you're going to be thinking anyway, think big." donald trump"
" @sensanders : i have a message for donald trump: no, we’re not going to hate latinos, we’re not going to hate muslims." i fully agree!
" @bane1349 : they all want jobs and a bright future. they know donald trump is the one and only choice to make that a reality!
cut, cap and balance. taxed enough already!
" @rsan : donald trump's polling looks too good to be true.
i give the president's speech a 7 on the scale of 0 to 10! not bad but room for improvement!
looks like @omarosa is up to the challenge.
" @bc4040 @trumpchicago looks great! @night, i saw it saturday during the day and it also looks great in the daylight too!" great, thanks!
the cast for next season looks really good!
"things work out best for those who make the best of how things work out." -- john wooden
gotta hand it to @ivankatrump , she loved doral from the time we looked at it. the trump-doral will be an icon.
everybody knows why obama would not show his college applications --- they are just not willing to say!
@arsenioofficial not everybody has good trump judgment.
the economy is bad and getting worse-almost zero growth this quarter. nobody can beat me on the economy (and jobs). make america great again
 @khanyisanidlomo : sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war  trump.
sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war.
" @motivationideas : sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war. ~ donald trump"
"our greatest weakness lies in giving up. the most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time." thomas a. edison
our greatest weakness lies in giving up. the most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time. --thomas a. edison
many people have asked recently "when do you sleep?" the answer is -- not much.
" @heavenlyitalian : @seanhannity @foxnews time we had a businessman in the wh,who can bring back jobs to america and restore the middle class
he @ricksantorum should get out of the race so republicans can focus on @barackobama .
ny should frack now. what’s the hold up? is albany opposed to creating jobs and making gas cheaper for middle class?
we have to bring back and cherish the middle class - once the backbone and true strength of the . it can happen!
the fed continues to flood the market with us dollars. wrong move.
crooked hillary clinton wants to essentially abolish the 2nd amendment. no gun owner can ever vote for clinton!
crooked hillary said that i want guns brought into the school classroom. wrong!
american must now get very tough, very smart and very vigilant. we cannot admit people into our country without extraordinary screening.
there won’t be any new gun legislation. no surprise. americans support the 2nd amendment.
@shelleysherwin wish your mother a happy birthday.
. @ewanshearer happy birthday
@scottlara1961 have a happy birthday.
thanks everybody for the happy birthday greetings, but it’s actually the 10th birthday of the apprentice. my birthday is june 14th....
@clemensisland13 have a great time-happy birthday!
obamacare must be fully repealed or it will destroy america's small businesses.
obama just said @mittromney was "a very successful investor"--- big mistake for obama to admit- he has less and less credibility.
hillary clinton's open borders immigration policies will drive down wages for all americans - and make everyone less safe.
make america great again! make america safe again!
also, the more desperate you are to close a deal the less likely it will happen. stay calm and focused on your ultimate goals. be smart!
together, we will make america safe and great again!
obama's foreign policy is a complete and total disaster--the worst president we have ever had.
i wish tonight's debate would cover more than foreign policy.
i still can't believe we didn't t take the oil from iraq.
iraq told us to get out, iraq is now falling, and iraq now wants us to come back! don't do it unless we get the oil, and i mean all of it!
the last thing this country needs is another bush!
we must do everything possible to keep this horrible terrorism outside the united states.
" @tom38ts i wanted trump to be the president in 2012 the country needs trump to be the next president in 2016"
"@sareed59: our ineffective  has to make a speech in  to make everything look great. mr. trump  "
why isn’t the @gop congress doing everything possible to defund and cut obamacare?
“life is difficult no matter what, but hard work and perseverance make it a lot easier.” – think like a billionaire
obama is totally “tweaking” the republicans because he doesn’t respect them—they’ve got to change their ways.
we have got to take our country back. it's time!
this is a movement!
i want to see @barackobama 's college records to see how he listed his place of birth in the application.
“how much money can you stand to lose? that’s how much risk you should assume.” – think like a billionaire
it all comes down to one simple question: how much money can you stand to lose? that’s how much risk you should assume.
"go as far as you can see; when you get there, you'll be able to see farther." -- . morgan
“go as far as you can see; when you get there, you'll be able to see farther.” -- j. p. morgan
wow, huffington post just stated that i am number 1 in the polls of republican candidates. thank you, but the work has just begun!
the republicans will get zero credit for passing immigration reform—and i said zero!
@mattginellagc matt, how many club championships have you won? i hear zero, or 18 fewer than me! lets play for a lot?
9 million fewer people voted for obama this election than last & yet the republicans lost—do you think they might be doing something wrong!
i watched the last two minutes of the @dallasmavs game last night--- i just loved watching them lose.
my daughter, ivanka, will be representing me today at the opening of our campaign office in manchester, nh  !
my speech is right now on c-span 1
in order to be successful, especially to be very successful, you must have the ability to be able to handle pressure!
even @barackobama 's former national security advisor jim jones has called the keystone pipeline 'a national must.' america needs it.
thank you @davidaxelrod for your nice words this morning on @cnn . it was a good night!
just did final purchase on fabulous @lodgeatdoonbeg in ireland. will become trump international hotel & golf links, ireland. very exciting!
. @newsbusters thank you for a great and very accurate story - well done!
congrats to team usa & capt. @allenwronowski for retaining the pga cup! well done and well deserved!
well, that is it. well done megyn --- and they all lived happily ever after! now let us all see how "the movement" does in oregon tonight!
" @jeniferstevens : @trumpferrypoint no one builds a golf course better than you. played trump ireland and scotland as well as us" thanks jen!
many people look at successful people & don't see anything but the end result. they don't see all the work that went into getting there.
"@alexbrochesmtv: want to see real change america? get donald in the white house and see a true american businessman fix this economy!!!!
with today's struggling job numbers, it is clear that there is one choice this november. @mittromney can turn the economy around.
i want to thank elizabeth, steve, brian and all of the great folks of @foxandfriends for the long and successful run we had together. nice!
whoever wins today, remember that tomorrow we still have a country struggling. our work is not done until america is strong again.
let this be the day you go for your dream. focus, don't give up, and only accept total and complete victory. you can do it!
“if you can accept losing, you can't win.” - vince lombardi
whether you think you can or think you can't---you are right. -- henry ford
"whether you think you can or think you can't--you're right." henry ford
whether you think you can or think you can't, you're right. -- henry ford
@shelleysherwin wish your mother a happy birthday.
which team is your favorite?
happy thanksgiving everyone, enjoy your day!
happy easter to all, have a great day!
happy easter - have a great day!
the @wsj editorial board is so wrong, so often. they got info from an incorrect story in another pub. why not watch and listen to debate.
please explain to the dummies at the @wsj editorial board that i love to debate and have won, according to drudge etc., all 11 of them!
so far the super bowl is very boring - not nearly as exciting as politics - make america great again!
the failing @wsj wall street journal should fire both its pollster and its editorial board. seldom has a paper been so lly biased!
what do you think so far?
i've had enough of this - good night!
" @jimlibertarian @grantrobertb @michaelcohen212 you're damn right we want the truth,we've been lied to 4 years and we've had it.  "
@rebamoreland thank you & the same to you and yours.
" @kata2bijak : you have to have big ideas, but you've got to have energy to get them done. ~ donald trump"
ask yourself: "what can i learn today that i didn't know before?" always be a student, always be open to new ideas.
“dem candidates are all folks who vote with me.” – barack obama describing all democrat senate candidates
immigration reform really changes the voting scales for the republicans—for the worse!
the republicans will get zero credit for passing immigration reform—and i said zero!
" @nicoleamarin : i can't wait to watch this season of  @donaldjtrumpjr i can't wait to watch @brandiglanville dominate!"
fact – amnesty lowers wages and invites more lawlessness. obama has unilaterally cancelled any chance of immigration reform.
again, immigration reform is fine—but don’t rush to give away our country. that’s what’s happening!
we all know that chess is a game of strategy. so is business. think about that and develop a strategy starting today.
whether you love, like or hate donald trump, i will be on bill o'reilly (fox) tonight at 8.00. bill knows trump is great for ratings!
obama keeps namedropping bill clinton-- he is no bill clinton.
thank you america! together- we will  !
a great day in wisconsin! thank you  &  ! just arrived in  !
heading to youngstown, ohio now- some great polls.
heading over to@kelly and michael re. apprentice!
heading to iowa to a packed house. just released polls, all first place, are amazing. thank you!
wisconsin, we will make america great again!
thank you - youngstown, ohio! i love you! get out &  tomorrow.
heading to youngstown, ohio now- some great polls.
ohio ch voted for nafta, from which ohio has never recovered. now he wants tpp, which will be even worse. ohio steel and coal dying!
thank you ohio - see you tonight!
john kasich, despite being governor of ohio, is losing to me in the ohio polls. pathetic!
i will be interviewed from cleveland, ohio, on @seanhannity - tonight at 10:00 . enjoy!
in november, i think the people of ohio will remember that the republicans picked cleveland instead of going to another state. jobs!
the worst thing hillary could do is have her husband campaign for her. just watch.
"@turnberrybuzz: today is a memorable day, the team has begun to turf our new pitch & putt!  " what an amazing place!
with the coming forward today of the woman central to the failing @nytimes hit piece on me, we have exposed the article as a fraud!
great piece on extra tonight re. celebrity apprentice!
" @epilepsys will you or @erictrump try to be president of the united states? you could be a great president." thanks.
president obama has made one mistake after another for a very long time, and the people of the united states are just plain tired of it!
president obama will go down as perhaps the worst president in the history of the united states!
don't worry, the united states will be great again!
such a great honor to be the republican nominee for president of the united states. i will work hard and never let you down! america first!
thank you! together we will  !
thank you america! together- we will  !
thank you america! together, we will all  !
always pretend that you’re working for yourself. you’ll do a wonderful job. it’s simple, but it works.
& together we will  ! thank you for your support!
thank you! together we will  !
thank you for your support! together we can  !
thank you america! together- we will  !
hillary said with respect to isis, "we are finally where we need to be." do we want 4 more years of incompetent leadership? maga!
thank you america! together, we will all  !
" @marianoqcasilum : please make it known now that you are a serious candidate for president. we, the american people need you to liberate usa
alabama people are saying their team has real football & real girlfriends—not good for notre dame—but they’ll be back!
back by popular demand, @giulianarancic and @bravoandy are co-hosting tonight's  pageant. they are great!
if us air and american airlines are allowed to merge, we are back to the days of “monopoly.”
we are getting reports from many voters that the cruz people are back to doing very sleazy and dishonest "pushpolls" on me. we are watching!
jeb bush spent more than $40,000,000 in new hampshire to come in 4 or 5, i spent $3,000,000 to come in 1st. big difference in capability!
club for growth letter- trying to extort $1,000,000.00 from me. remember, i said- no!
just out: trump gop debate - 18,000,000. clinton democrat debate - 6,700,000. and they were on major network vs. cable!
can anyone imagine chafee as president? no way.
we must stop outsourcing our jobs overseas and end our multi-billion dollar trade deficits.
@barackobama 's jobs plan sure looks like a tax increase plan to me.
the dollar always talks in the end--although our pols are killing the dollar!
dems don't want to talk isis b/c hillary's foreign interventions unleashed isis & her refugee plans make it easier for them to come here.
boston incident is terrible. we need energy and passion, but we must treat each other with respect. i would never condone violence.
. @piersmorgan and @omarosa really hate each other.
i laugh when i see marco rubio and jeb bush pretending to "love" each other, with each talking of their great friendship. typical phony pols
our country has to come together. we have to start working with, and really liking, each other. the whole world is watching baltimore.
we are one nation. when one hurts, we all hurt. we must all work together-to lift each other up.
we only want to admit those who love our people and support our values.
when will we stop wasting our money on rebuilding afghanistan? we must rebuild our country first.
china's military buildup is a major threat to the free world. we must remain resolute and maintain our national defense at all costs.
" @rhettriley1234 : trump only wins with our votes. we must grow trump nation and do our part. vote. this is our time.
obamacare will bankrupt our country and lead to socialized medicine. we must all focus now on electing @mittromney this november.
obama's foreign policy is a complete and total disaster--the worst president we have ever had.
the fed's reckless monetary policy is going to create record inflation.
our foreign policy decisions are dumbest in . history
obama will go down as the worst president in history on many topics but especially foreign policy.
we fight to free libya and they kill our ambassador and other americans. obama's foreign policy is a joke.
shooting deaths of police officers up 78% this year. we must restore law and order and protect our great law enforcement officers!
. @dannyzuker i'm in front of the camera and behind the camera- just looked at your picture, you'll never be in front of the camera!
in my book, @joan_rivers had a lousy doctor, shoving a camera down her throat at her age. something went really wrong that should not have!
like her or not, hillary did what she had to do in the debate last night—get through it. her opponents were very gentle and soft!
who are your favorites on team power? team plan b?
creativity and control can go hand in hand. brainpower is the ultimate leverage.
american exceptionalism and the navy yard shooting do not go hand in hand. foreign countries, in particular russia, are mocking the .
. @reince is doing a fantastic job for the republican party--hope he gets the credit he deserves.
he is working hard and for that he must be given credit!
" @kolbytraveller  is more than just talk. i hope he wins the election and gets something done for once in this country.  "
no matter what happens in the election, @davidaxelrod deserves a lot of credit. he has kept obama in it, even with his terrible record.
as i said on @foxandfriends this ., you have to give obama credit—he won! ...
many people walked out on madonna's concert when she told them to vote for obama. years ago i walked out because the concert was terrible!
"the ones who are crazy enough to think that they can change the world, are the ones who do." -- steve jobs
" @popularposters : our country needs a president that knows how to protect our constitution and a president that leads speaks the truth"
"when are we going to wake up and realize that we are funding our enemies?"
we have many problems in our house (country!), and we need to fix them before we let visitors come over and stay. make america great again!
just said at  that "politicians are all talk and no action and we are all tired of it! we need action and results to move forward!"
" @b_thornton66 : if you were to run for president, you'd have my vote! you're what this country needs!   "
" @jezzak : if the trump hotel honolulu is any reflection how you would be as president then i think the  will be in good hands" thank you!
if i would have offered obama a billion dollars to show his records, he would have refused.
if i were president sgt. andrew tahmooressi would be let out of jail with one phone call. if not,mexico would pay a price like never before!
" @dukeofbc : @megynkelly debate cruz one on one. i would just tell him that you were to busy running for the president of usa, not canada"
. police and law enforcement seem to have killed one of the california shooters and are in a shootout with the others. go police
word is that they have far more evidence on a-rod than they have on ryan braun! alex is over.
our economy is in trouble. the unemployed are more likely to drop out of the workforce than find a job. we need growth-- and now!
obamacare will destroy small business--the backbone of america's economy.
the upcoming record 13th season of @celebapprentice is going to be very special. our production team's ingenuity is amazing.
we have to bring back and cherish the middle class - once the backbone and true strength of the . it can happen!
the democrats in congress don’t want obamacare for themselves or big businesses. so why are they forcing it on the american people?
iran's quest for nuclear weapons is a major threat to our nation's national security interests. we can't allow iran to go nuclear.
" @jacobsac2015 : @foxnews thank you for your tweet today on christmas. can't wait to see you as president, mr. trump. you are awesome."
“one man with courage is a majority.” - thomas jefferson
" @jimlibertarian : @nbcnewyork in god we trust and in donald we trust, donald will make america second to none in every aspect known to man!
whether you think you can or think you can't---you are right. -- henry ford
"there’s nothing “compassionate” about allowing welfare dependency to be passed from generation to generation." - time to get tough
obama’s attack on the internet is another top down power grab. net neutrality is the fairness doctrine. will target conservative media.
i don’t know what will happen with the lawsuit against dummy @billmaher but have an obligation to charity to bring it.
achievers go for the challenge, so the next deal is what they're thinking about. they have an obligation to best themselves.
our inner cities have been left behind. we will never have the resources to support our people if we have an open border.
i don’t know whether i will win or lose the @billmaher lawsuit but had an obligation to sue for charity.
if you live in a state with early voting, you should be voting as soon as possible. bring your friends and family with you.
"if you love what you do, you are going to work harder, you are going to try harder and you will be better at it." - think big
the harder you work, the luckier you get!
did you agree with my decision?
" @libertyladyusa : i agree with donald trump, mitt should not run again.  "
i'm going to be live with @ericbolling and @kimguilfoyle to ring in the new year 2016. everybody should tune in to @foxnews tomorrow night!
"but why shouldn't i speak out? don't you speak out in this country?" - george steinbrenner
i will be on piers morgan live tonight at 9 . on cnn. tune in!
either miss pennsylvania will pay, her father will pay or her lawyers will pay. she hurt many people!
contractors can blame obama admin all day for their $600m failure but both parties are at fault--pay taxpayers back.
going now to make a major speech before some of the world's biggest investors in dubai!
we just had the worst jobs report since 2010.
"the biggest doers often suffer the biggest setbacks in life...
hopefully the republican party can come together and have a big win in november, paving the way for many great supreme court justices!
my list of potential . supreme court justices was very well recieved. during the next number of weeks i may be adding to the list!
@gop house has the right bill: “if you like your healthcare plan, you can keep it.” the senate must take it up on a vote!
thank you indiana! will be back soon!
america needs a tough negotiator---not a community organizer.
" @bane1349 : they all want jobs and a bright future. they know donald trump is the one and only choice to make that a reality!
with today's struggling job numbers, it is clear that there is one choice this november. @mittromney can turn the economy around.
i will be in wisconsin until the election. jobs, trade and immigration will be big factors. i will bring jobs back home - make great deals!
this election is a choice between law, order & safety - or chaos, crime & violence. i will make america safe again for everyone.
i can’t believe he would choose @omarosa as his first choice! she is hard to handle.
we have got to take our country back. it's time!
“learning is a new beginning we can give ourselves every day.” – trump: how to get rich
remember, go vote--we need real change this time.
" @_bri : this is the first election i'll be able to vote, and my vote goes to trump because i want to live in a great country!  "
conde nast made a big mistake going into the world trade center. the place is a total disaster, and i feel this is only the beginning!
jeb bush spent more than $40,000,000 in new hampshire to come in 4 or 5, i spent $3,000,000 to come in 1st. big difference in capability!
" @kata2bijak : i know a lot, but one thing i know is that i don't know everything. ~ donald trump"
" @fenitaayu1 : i know a lot, but one thing i know is that i don't know everything. ~ donald trump"
wages in are country are too low, good jobs are too few, and people have lost faith in our  need smart and strong leadership now!
a record high 6.7% of americans are living in extreme poverty. this is tragic. we can do better.
. @berniesanders -who blew his campaign when he gave hillary a pass on her e-mail crime, said that i feel wages in america are too high. lie!
are all the illegals pouring into our country vaccinated? i don't think so. great danger to .
thank you kansas! thousands of people inside- and thousands outside who couldn't get into the hall. really amazing!
i like mexico and love the spirit of mexican people, but we must protect our borders from people, from all over, pouring into the .
if you can’t see it, you can’t make it happen. entrepreneurs, chase your dreams with resolute focus & determination. be positive!
i hope we never find life on another planet because if we do there's no doubt that the united states will start sending them money!
remember, china is not a friend of the united states!
president obama will go down as perhaps the worst president in the history of the united states!
" @epilepsys will you or @erictrump try to be president of the united states? you could be a great president." thanks.
former president jimmy carter is so happy that he is no longer considered the worst president in the history of the united states!
i hope the @rnc is ready for a third party if they blow this election because that is what they will face. they must fight hard.
"they succeed, because they think they can." -- virgil
no surprise that all the foreign countries are celebrating obama's win. they love a weak america that they can rip off.
immigration reform really changes the voting scales for the republicans—for the worse!
again, immigration reform is fine—but don’t rush to give away our country. that’s what’s happening!
the republicans will get zero credit for passing immigration reform—and i said zero!
immigration reform is fine—but don’t rush to give away our country! sounds like that’s what’s happening.
let’s see what happens in the boardroom…
"experience is not what happens to you; it's what you do with what happens to you." -- aldous huxley
@georgeokc thanks--let's see what happens.
i don't want to be the only billionaire in america---i want all americans to be rich.
who would you most like to see win  ?
notice that illegal immigrants will be given obamacare and free college tuition but nothing has been mentioned about our veterans
the american people agree. no free pass for  !
people ask me what i do in my free time. the answer--i don't have any.
“live free or die.” – motto of new hampshire
"@fsdiva06: santa...all i want for christmas.  kids to be healthy  pay off all our debt be debt free 3. donaldtrump become president
it’s amazing how people can talk about me but i’m not allowed to talk about them.
study your area of business. all business involves risk, but risk can be reduced when you learn everything you can about what you’re doing.
we all know that chess is a game of strategy. so is business. think about that and develop a strategy starting today.
"you can have the best product in the world, but if people don't know about it, it's not going to be worth much." - the art of the deal
"you can have the best product in the world, but if people don't know about it, it's not going to be worth much." the art of the deal
why do so many people say i hate president obama—i don’t hate the president at all. i just disagree with his policies!
who do you like - hate so far?
i hate what has happened to the once great @cnn .
" @sensanders : i have a message for donald trump: no, we’re not going to hate latinos, we’re not going to hate muslims." i fully agree!
to the brave men and women, past and present, in our armed services- best wishes on veterans day.
doesn’t dummy @chucktodd realize that when i considered running for president, i filed financial papers showing unbelievable numbers.
the worst thing hillary could do is have her husband campaign for her. just watch.
@dylawn420 @uberfacts dopey, i never filed for bankruptcy.
crooked hillary said her husband is going to be in charge of the  so, he should run,not  he bring the "energizer" to .?
@charleslfreemn my finances have been totally filed dummy!
"@fsdiva06: santa...all i want for christmas.  kids to be healthy  pay off all our debt be debt free 3. donaldtrump become president
@hialexcarlson thanks--just common sense.
thank you for your support!
thank you for all of your support! let's  !
& together we will  ! thank you for your support!
thank you for your support! together we can  !
thank you for your continued support!
a note from the fabulous mark burnett: “donald, congratulations again, we are  in the 10:00pm hour. i am tweeting about it.”
. @mcilroyrory thanks for your nice note - they love you at trump national doral. you are looking good - will have a great year!
just announced that in the history of @cnn , last night’s debate was its highest rated ever. will they send me flowers & a thank you note?
" @kellymorrisltd @ayrshirechamber sad to be missing it. huge buzz about the key note speaker this year!!! america's future president"
. @lord_sugar if you didn’t say the ipod would be gone in a year, you might have been really rich instead of the peanut money you have.
the more you know, the more you realize how much you don't know. how can you possibly discover anything if you already know everything?
“how much money can you stand to lose? that’s how much risk you should assume.” – think like a billionaire
i have self funded my winning primary campaign with an approx. $50 million loan. i have totally terminated the loan!
it all comes down to one simple question: how much money can you stand to lose? that’s how much risk you should assume.
there has been a systematic targeting of the tea party by the obama administration. now schneiderman goes after me. no coincidence.
" @dillydoesit trump has no problem telling it how it is, isn't that what everyone has been wanting from a president?  "
crooked hillary has been fighting isis, or whatever she has been doing, for years. now she has new ideas. it is time for change.
the reality is that no gun bill will ever stop tragedies. and as we have learned from obamacare, washington only makes things worse!
president obama, you have a big job to do. go to baltimore and bring both sides together. with proper leadership, it can be done! do it.
a feature on the progress of the course @ int'l  club will feature on @cnnlivinggolf thurs 8 may 2014 @0930 & 1630 gmt
@politifact ’s  is obama’s if you like your health care plan, you can keep it. wrong. it’s the lie of the decade.
" @johnsmi01433966 : the establishment doesn't like you because they can't control you and get you to lie to us and keep ripping us off."
is the boston killer eligible for obama care to bring him back to health?
sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war. don't ever get down on yourself, just keep fighting - in the end, you win!
wow, china's growth accelerated 7.8% in third quarter. if the . had half that number we would be the talk of the world - need leadership
stay tuned for the 2nd half we have one more firing tonight!
we need strong, tough and brilliant leadership now more than ever! make america great again!
" @kittreantanner :more interviews, mr trump. the more you talk @what you would do if president, the more people want to hear more from you."
“do more, be more, give more--and everyone will benefit.” – think like a champion
congratulations to @stephenathome - i will see you on the show!
people believe cnn these days almost as little as they believe hillary....that's really saying something!
thank you for your support!
thank you for all of your support! let's  !
"the entrepreneur builds an enterprise; the technician builds a job." --michael gerber
& together we will  ! thank you for your support!
thank you for your support! together we can  !
@traceybabe8 work hard and keep at it!
" @llankers : donaldtrump, it's a shame the left try so hard to tear you down. you could be a great leader for our nation. keep it up trump!
just said at  that "politicians are all talk and no action and we are all tired of it! we need action and results to move forward!"
" @dcfoodsafety : mr. trump you're the candidate that we have been waiting for you tell it real and you will get it done you have my vote!"
so, what did you think of my decision? what would you have done?
me, by a lot!
a lot of complaints from people saying my name is not on the ballot in various places in florida? hope this is false.
everyone is saying the bad news is that donald trump is going to take credit & they are right—mitt wouldn’t have won anyway.
many people are now saying i won south carolina because of the last debate. i showed anger and the people of our country are very angry!
want to take a quiz with me? download the @millonseconds app and watch @ryanseacrest on monday at 8/7c on @nbc
entrepreneurs: whatever happens, you're responsible. if it doesn't happen, you're responsible.
leadership: whatever happens, you're responsible. if it doesn't happen, you're responsible.
i loved beating these two terrible human beings. i would never recommend that anyone use her lawyer, he is a total loser!
john mccain couldn’t get him to release “it” and neither could hillary clinton—but donald did!
i have self funded my winning primary campaign with an approx. $50 million loan. i have totally terminated the loan!
what's more important for the american public to have? @mittromney 's tax returns or @barackobama 's sealed records?
how could obama leave those american heroes out to die in benghazi? and he continues to lie to the public!
america's olympic uniforms are manufactured in china. burn the uniforms!  .piccommittee
follow @trumpnh for all the updates on my new hampshire political activities. looking forward to returning to the granite state on may 14!
hillary will never reform wall street. she is owned by wall street!
they finally let our marine out of a mexican prison, no thanks to obama. way too long. such an event should never be allowed to happen again
wall street paid for ad is a fraud, just like crooked hillary! their main line had nothing to do with women, and they knew it. apologize?
president obama, be cool, be smart, be sharp and focus (no more march madness), and you can beat putin at his own game. it can be done!
i'm not going to be watching much nfl football anymore. too time consuming, too boring, too many flags and too soft. focus on other things!
. @kateplusmy8 keep up the good work!
@mamababyhood thanks--keep up the good work.
@danabrams true--but keep up the good work!
@seanhannity thanks sean, keep up the good work!
“you have to keep going and moving forward, no matter what is happening around you or to you.” – think like a champion
the greatest threat to our security is our debt. it is already past 100% gdp. we need to make real budget cuts.
we have to make america great again!
" @patrickmendeznv : they're going to make you their @time person of the year in attempt to silence you. they are not smart enough to do that
can you believe that the . will be sending 3000 troops to africa to help with  will come home infected? we have enough problems
has anyone seen the financials of @univision . they are doing really badly. too much debt and not enough viewers. need money fast. funny!
the sarasota, florida, rally today was amazing. 12,000 people chanting their love for our country. it's going to happen, this is a movement!
does everyone see that the democrats and president obama are now, because of me, starting to deport people who are here illegally. politics!
why did we spend billions of our money on libya if we are not going to get any of the country's oil? what do we get out of this?
our country is totally divided and our enemies are watching. we are not looking good, we are not looking smart, we are not looking tough!
. @goangelo —the next time you have a rally @macy ’s, try getting 12 people instead of 11—it would be much more effective!
hillary will never reform wall street. she is owned by wall street!
when will the democrats, and hillary in particular, say "we must build a wall, a great wall, and mexico is going to pay for it?" never!
the banks need to start lending again otherwise the economy will continue its downturn. this is why we bailed the banks out!
sorry banks, when we accused lightweight ag eric schneiderman of not going after banks, he started going after banks—but years too late!
“today's put-off objectives reduce tomorrow's achievements.” - henry banks
i should host the  just to shake things up - this is not good!
phony club for growth tried to shake me down for one million dollars, & is now putting out nasty negative ads on me. they are total losers!
i never want someone working for me who doesn’t want to be there--and in the same way, you shouldn’t want to be there, either.
thank you for all of your support! let's  !
who would you like to see on next season of  ? let us know- everyone wants to be on it.
have a great good friday and a happy easter.
it’s friday. how many millions has the white house wasted on the obamacare website today?
i am greatly honored by the results of the cnn poll in iowa. in the end, i believe the final results will be even better than that!
tonight's episode of the apprentice is one you won't want to miss! be sure to tune in--10 . on nbc.
i will be going to mississippi tomorrow night - hear the crowds are going to be massive! look forward to it.
after one of the great chokes in the history of sports, it will be hard for the spurs to beat the heat - but who knows. good game on now!
today is the first day of the rest of your life - make the most of it!
my plan will lower taxes for our country, not raise them. phony @club4growth says i will raise taxes—just another lie.
when the economy is bad, @barackobama wants to raise taxes. when the economy is good, @barackobama wants to raise taxes. notice a trend?
remember this: obama wants to raise taxes, @mittromney wants to lower taxes--need i say more!
before you vote, think: obama wants to raise taxes, @mittromney wants to lower taxes--need i say more!
jeb bush spent more than $40,000,000 in new hampshire to come in 4 or 5, i spent $3,000,000 to come in 1st. big difference in capability!
just arrived in scotland. place is going wild over the vote. they took their country back, just like we will take america back. no games!
becoming a us citizen is not a right, it’s a privilege.
did crooked hillary help disgusting (check out sex tape and past) alicia m become a . citizen so she could use her in the debate?
"choose your own path: it doesn't have to be the path less traveled...what matters is that it's the right one for you." - vince lombardi
wapo attack on alleged high school incidents by @mittromney is a hit job to me. where are @barackobama 's high school and college records?
no matter how far down a path you go, if it's the wrong path, turn around and go back home - before it is too late.
eliot better have a great pre-nup—i want to help silda in her negotiation.
. @cnn should stop apologizing for the mistake they made the other day & get back to reporting!
to aspiring entrepreneurs, always remember that if your enemies aren’t talking about you, then you aren’t doing well...and must work harder!
entrepreneurs: do your best to your utmost ability every day. make that your standard.
today is the first day of the rest of your life - make the most of it!
great time last night in louisiana. big and energetic crowd. go out and vote now, polls open. make america great again!
hillary clinton didn't go to louisiana, and now she didn't go to mexico. she doesn't have the drive or stamina to make america great again!
go out and vote--- this will be the most important election of our time!
get ready for tonight!
getting ready to watch the debate--- as they say "let's get ready to rumble"!
get ready to turn to nbc for celebrity apprentice -- tonight's show is great!
= obama's third term, which would be terrible news for our economic growth - seen below.
if obamacare is not repealed then we can expect stagnant growth, long term unemployment and record high premiums.
"we need a tax system that is fair and smart--one that encourages growth, savings, and investment."
wow, china's growth accelerated 7.8% in third quarter. if the . had half that number we would be the talk of the world - need leadership
economic growth can save social security, medicare and america.
bernie sanders has abandoned his supporters by endorsing pro-war pro-tpp pro-wall street crooked hillary clinton.
@edwardashton30 true and true!
@ms2202 true and true!
thank you to all of the men and women who have served our country. you are our true heroes!
it’s friday. how many people have been forced off their plans and lost their doctors today because of obamacare?
obama's war on women has lead to the biggest decline in female employment in 40 years. 4 more years??
@authenticsig22 easier said than done!
we should not cut any aid to egypt. their country is in chaos and now they must form a normal civil government.
advice from my father, fred c. trump: "know everything you can about what you're doing."
great advice from my father: "know everything you can about what you're doing." -- fred c. trump
good advice from my father, fred c. trump: "know everything you can about what you're doing."
good advice from my father: "know everything you can about what you're doing." -- fred c. trump
going on letterman now - let me know what you think - how did i do? here we go!
why did @mittromney give his tax returns without demanding that obama release his college records & applications in return?
failed presidential candidate @mittromney was made to look like a fool by senator harry reid & didn't release his tax returns until 9/21/12.
“never give up on yourself.” – think big
“chalk failure up to experience, don’t take it personally, and go find your next challenge.” – trump: never give up
the united states cannot continue to make such bad, one-sided trade deals. there are only so many jobs we can give up. no more!
off to nashville and the nra.
"when are we going to wake up and realize that we are funding our enemies?"
great rally in new mexico, amazing crowd! now in . big rally in anaheim.
don't miss me on @foxandfriends monday at 7:30 am
i'll be on @foxandfriends monday at 7:30 am, don't miss it.
watch  2012 live tonight on @nbc at 9pm est!
carl icahn said this about me: "i think at this moment in time, he’s the only candidate that speaks out about the country’s problems."
celebrity apprentice in 15 minutes - don't miss it!
iraq is no longer our problem. we never should have been there in the first place!
i'm glad that mark cuban won the ridiculous case with the . it never should have been brought in the first place!
"never, never, never give up." - winston churchill
" @mai_ttag : great interview! happy you had a chance to show the other side of you. never change, never forget you are our messenger!"
hillary's been failing for 30 years in not getting the job done - it will never change.
people ask me what i do in my free time. the answer--i don't have any.
"you have to love what you do or you are never going to be successful no matter what you do in life.” - think big
"you have to love what you do or you are never going to be successful no matter what you do in life." - think big
many people ask me to review things. as i see them, i will do so.
many people have been asking me to answer questions. you can ask me questions at any time.
our country, under president obama, is on life support! great leaders must bring people together.
in light of newtown, our country has to pull together.
i will bring our jobs back to the ., and keep our companies from leaving. nobody else can do it. our economy will "sing" again.
in politics, and sometimes in life, friends come and go, but enemies accumulate!
happy thanksgiving to everyone--i love you all, even my many enemies (sometimes!).
“remember that some things are worth waiting for. plans can change, sometimes for good reason.” – trump never give up
i always said @barackobama will attack iran, in some form, prior to the election.
"sometimes your best investments are the ones you don't make." the art of the deal
go out and vote--- this will be the most important election of our time!
make sure you get out and vote...most important election of our generation...go romney!
thank you west virginia. let's keep it going. go out and vote on tuesday - we will win big.
no, i wasn't at the @yankees game yesterday- can't go today either. when i go, they win.
this was the republicans election to win but they just blew it--reasons why to follow.
. @abfalecbaldwin alec--it's not science, it's a con--read the e-mails.
does everyone see that the democrats and president obama are now, because of me, starting to deport people who are here illegally. politics!
"when are we going to wake up and realize that we are funding our enemies?"
“he who is not courageous enough to take risks will accomplish nothing in life.” - muhammad ali
muhammad ali is dead at 74! a truly great champion and a wonderful guy. he will be missed by all!
@phatsdad thanks roger--ali was and is great!
it's not whether you get knocked down, it's whether you get up. -- vince lombardi
whether you like it or not, bush also gave us obama!
“the great question is not whether you have failed, but whether you are content with failure.” - laurence j. peter
whether you think you can or think you can't---you are right. -- henry ford
"whether you think you can or think you can't--you're right." henry ford
did you agree with my decision?
thank you marco, i agree!
do you agree with the client's decision?
if hillary thinks she can unleash her husband, with his terrible record of women abuse, while playing the women's card on me, she's wrong!
. @traceadkins says @joan_rivers is a gem. i agree. we all agree.
an analysis showed that bernie sanders would have won the democratic nomination if it were not for the super delegates.
“simply take a big goal and mold yourself to become the person who can accomplish that goal.” – think big
"@amadorserver: donaldtrump, get in the race and shut down the opposition. i'm ready for america to be great again.
has charles @krauthammer ever apologized for being so totally wrong on iraq? i called it right in every way—make america great again!
even though i refused to pay a ridiculous price for the buffalo bills, i would have produced a winner. now that won’t happen.
if i would have offered obama a billion dollars to show his records, he would have refused.
congratulations to david wright on signing a long term extension with the @mets . david is an exceptional player and person.
signing my tax return....
be weak on immigration and ensure democratic victory.
" @bjkizer74 : you should run as an independent and kick hiliary's ass & the wussy democratic republicans too! just say no to rino's!"
re: negotiation: view any conflict as an opportunity. be a diplomat as much as possible.
" @ajodom60 : @foxnews and as far as that low-info voter base goes, i have an iq of 132. so much for that theory.  "
"a general is just as good or just as bad as the troops under his command make him." --douglas macarthur
the only job @barackobama cares about is his own. everything he does is for his own reelection.
ted cruz is falling in the polls. he is nervous. people are worried about his place of birth and his failure to report his loans from banks!
even though bernie sanders has lost his energy and his strength, i don't believe that his supporters will let crooked hillary off the hook!
jay leno and his people are constantly calling me to go on his show. my answer is always no because his show sucks. they love my ratings!
why would anyone in florida vote for lightweight senator marco rubio. check out his credit card scam, his house sale & his no show voting!
....that has served our country is put on a waiting list and gets no care.
thank you arizona! get out and  on tuesday!
for success: find out what you love to do. trust yourself enough to find out what is best for you and what you're best at doing...
it is great to meet fellow patriots at the  book signings. can't wait to meet more today at trump tower from 12pm to 2pm
thank you north carolina- get out &  on 11/8/2016!
obama's war on women has lead to the biggest decline in female employment in 40 years. 4 more years??
...american cancer society, and the dana farber cancer center.
thank you, south carolina!
thank you south carolina!
thank you for the support, south carolina!
thank you south carolina! everyone get out and vote tomorrow! we will  !
thank you for all of your support, south carolina!
the final five—this has been a fight—and i think the fight will continue…
thank you for your support!
thank you for all of your support! let's  !
& together we will  ! thank you for your support!
thank you for your support! together we can  !
thank you for your continued support!
we are going to win and make america great again, maybe better than ever before!
we are now at a time, perhaps more than ever before, when the world needs great leadership!
amazing crowd last night in dallas - more spirit and passion than ever before. today, all over the great state of texas!
for all of my fantastic supporters, and for the ., we are going to win and make america great again, maybe greater than ever before!
he’s back and causing more trouble than ever before! @thegarybusey returns in the record 13th season of ‘all star’ @celebapprentice .
refugees from syria are now pouring into our great country. who knows who they are - some could be isis. is our president insane?
re: negotiation: view any conflict as an opportunity. be a diplomat as much as possible.
negotiation tip: view any conflict as an opportunity -- this will expand your mind as well as your horizons. persistence can go a long way.
we will only be the land of the free as long as we are home of the brave!
always good to have @arseniohall back as advisor as well as @donaldjtrumpjr . they have their own fan clubs at this point.
"let me put this as plainly as i know how: iran's nuclear program must be stopped--by any and all means necessary. period."
@barackobama has not released his own debt plan yet. he's totally lost, ineffective, desperate. gop has its best chance to make a great deal
" @1simranjitsingh : i am a student myself. i cannot believe that obama, has doubled the interest rate on student loans. trump for president!"
@barackobama has already added $5 trillion to the national debt in less than 3 years. we must defeat him in 2012.
has everyone forgotten our marine who now sits in a mexican prison because we have a president too incompetent or too lazy to make a call?
crooked hillary has been fighting isis, or whatever she has been doing, for years. now she has new ideas. it is time for change.
crooked hillary called it totally wrong on brexit - she went with obama - and now she is saying we need her to lead. she would be a disaster
the worst thing hillary could do is have her husband campaign for her. just watch.
hillary clinton is not qualified to be president because her judgement has been proven to be so bad! would be four more years of stupidity!
" @sam_rellim : if trump ran in 16' it would be the 1st time i could stand by our president since i was old enough to understand politics"
trump will make america great!!!!
"@peaceisweakness: trump 2016 is the only way to stop the decline of the west. only one man in america could deal with putin
a great 4th of july! america a great country who's brightest days, with wise leadership, lie ahead.
both @barackobama and china have embraced ows. all want the decline of america. time for the protesters to go home.
detroit is going through very hard times right now.. if they are smart, brighter days are ahead.
the fed should not bail out the eu. europe's financial mess is their problem, not our problem!
" @oldmanconroy : it's called "climate change". no, they changed it to "climate change" when "global warming" wasn't working anymore-too cold!
the @supercommittee must cut spending, not raise taxes. washington has a spending problem, not a revenue problem.
he @mittromney gets the china problem, why don't the others?
look at the solution, not the problem. learn to focus on what will give results.
" @rodsandguitars : @danaperino just lied about donaldtrump - dana, trump did not say "all are criminals & rapists" ..
i'm saying that the tea party, perhaps by another name, will soon have another big moment- and will be a major factor in victory!
should have gone after the oil years ago (like i have been saying).
the endorsement of me by the 16,500 border patrol agents was the first time that they ever endorsed a presidential candidate. nice!
well, now they're saying that i not only won the nbc presidential forum, but last night the big debate. nice!
" @piersmorgan : donald trump vs hillary clinton would be the greatest presidential battle in history."
notice that illegal immigrants will be given obamacare and free college tuition but nothing has been mentioned about our veterans
bernie sanders totally sold out to crooked hillary clinton. all of that work, energy and money, and nothing to show for it! waste of time.
the american people agree. no free pass for  !
"@fsdiva06: santa...all i want for christmas.  kids to be healthy  pay off all our debt be debt free 3. donaldtrump become president
crooked hillary can't close the deal with bernie sanders. will be another bad day for her!
"you have to love what you do or you are never going to be successful no matter what you do in life." - think big
"you have to love what you do or you are never going to be successful no matter what you do in life.” - think big
@anthonynotweet make sure you are doing what you love to do. you need passion to keep you going.
whether you think you can or think you can't, you're right. -- henry ford
"whether you think you can or think you can't--you're right." henry ford
thank you new jersey!
very excited for @laraleayunaska and @erictrump ’s wedding this weekend.
"chance favors the prepared mind." -- louis pasteur
watch me on @hannityshow tonight at 9pm et on @foxnews .
i will be live tweeting during the @apprenticenbc tonight at 9pm et.
tonight’s  will continue to impress. be sure to tune in tonight at 9pm et @nbc . it will be amazing.
i’ll be on “justice” with @judgejeanine saturday night at 9pm et on @foxnews
for all of my millions of followers, and at your request, i will be tweeting tonight during president obama’s speech! 9pm et
. @genesimmons keep up the great work and congrats - we are proud of you!
what team would you choose to win?
congrats to @flgovscott on today's inauguration and having done a great job!
be passionate--you have to love what you're doing to be successful at it.
who are your favorites on team power? team plan b?
goofy elizabeth warren is now using the woman’s card like her friend crooked hillary. see her dumb tweet “when a woman stands up to you…”
hillary clinton is unfit to be president. she has bad judgement, poor leadership skills and a very bad and destructive track record. change!
if hillary thinks she can unleash her husband, with his terrible record of women abuse, while playing the women's card on me, she's wrong!
the woman who is the secret service director looks like she is way over her  can't the president appoint the best and the brightest?
crooked hillary called it totally wrong on brexit - she went with obama - and now she is saying we need her to lead. she would be a disaster
because of president obama's failed leadership, we have put vladimir putin & russia back on the world stage! --no reason for this.
if your enemies end up liking you it’s because they beat you. you want their respect, not their friendship.
i hope arnold s. does well with the apprentice because he is a nice guy and also, because i get a big percentage of the profits!
thank you for your support & friendship- governor @chrischristie !
sadly, because president obama has done such a poor job as president, you won't see another black president for generations!
with 50 days until the election, it is  for @mittromney & @gop
"@writeitnow_: do you want to be inspired? watch @joan_rivers on the apprentice season eight!!!! amazing woman! thanks for choosing her!"
scots should boycott glenfiddich garbage for not choosing great olympic & . open champ andy murray over total loser michael forbes.
 @sintianiej : yes, this is our next president  trump. in 2016 election america vote djt  
i will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 . so much to talk about but not much good news for the . make america great again!
“do more, be more, give more--and everyone will benefit.” – think like a champion
" @kittreantanner :more interviews, mr trump. the more you talk @what you would do if president, the more people want to hear more from you."
@lord_sugar dopey sugar--because it was open all season long--you can't play golf in the snow, you stupid ass.
@manny_ottawa snow- good point.
on @foxnews at 7:00 . "special: meet the trumps" hope you enjoy!
@dianejackson9 if you love what you're doing, the energy and passion will be there. it's the best way to succeed.
"the only way to do great work is to love what you do." – steve jobs
for success: find out what you love to do. trust yourself enough to find out what is best for you and what you're best at doing...
i hope the @rnc is ready for a third party if they blow this election because that is what they will face. they must fight hard.
isn’t it ironic that president obama, of all people, is pushing for ‘universal background checks?!'
the majority of americans agree with @mittromney 's comments on @israel and iran.
“one man with courage is a majority.” - thomas jefferson
the silent majority- is silent no more! remember the importance of voting!
the polls have been consistently great. the silent majority is speaking. politicians are failing.  !
we have got to take our country back. it's time!
remember, the terrible 5 for 1 trade whereby the taliban got back leaders (killers) and we got back a nothing, will come back to haunt .!
in the upcoming new year we will focus like never before - if we do that we will have complete and total victory in all we do!
we spent two trillion dollars in iraq and got nothing. now we are going back and will again get nothing because our leaders are clueless!
well, obama refused to say (he just can't say it), that we are at war with radical islamic terrorists.
the more i get to know @mittromney the more i like him. he has the judgment and private sector experience america needs in the white house.
keep lightweight marco and his friends out of the white house.
republicans gave obama a free pass to the white house -- they just don't get it.
make no mistake---fast and furious goes all the way to the white house.
our country needs leadership now. there is total dysfunction in washington.
it’s important to promote an image of yourself each and every day. it’s part of having a sense of self and a sense of purpose.
“having an ego and acknowledging it is a healthy choice. our ego gives us a sense of purpose.” – think like a champion
i will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 . so much to talk about but not much good news for the . make america great again!
the media is going crazy. they totally distort so many things on purpose. crimea, nuclear, "the baby" and so much more. very dishonest!
our country has become so politically correct that it has lost all sense of direction or purpose. we are unable to move forward painlessly.
keep lightweight marco and his friends out of the white house.
there can never be a sharp economic recovery until @barackobama is out of the white house.
don't let them build a wind turbine in your backyard (or near your house). it will destroy your property value.
republicans gave obama a free pass to the white house -- they just don't get it.
fast and furious gun running goes all the way to the white house. we need answers now!
"you have to love what you do or you are never going to be successful no matter what you do in life.” - think big
"you have to love what you do or you are never going to be successful no matter what you do in life." - think big
"they succeed, because they think they can." -- virgil
give yourself a chance--make every day a discovery.
another four years--not good for the country but we'll have to live with it!
i will be live tweeting!
going over to @abc to do live at 9:00.
“never give up on yourself.” – think big
re negotiation: trust your instincts even after you've honed your skills. they're there for a reason.
" @wizhether : donaldtrump keep it up! they're attacking you because they're afraid. you're winning! we who love our country have your back!"
" @delna_42 : donaldtrump you're going to be the greatest president this country has ever seen. i hope you win.   "
“you have to have a good reason for doing what you’re doing, because people connect with the why.” – midas touch
“you have to have a good reason for doing what you’re doing because people connect with the why.” – midas touch
it was so great being in nebraska last week. today is the big day--get out and vote!
when i made the apprentice the  show in the us, that was a good day for you...
first there was the declaration of independence, then there was the constitution. now there is  . available today.
our next president must stop china's rip-off of america.
under president obama, do you think america will become a third world country?
"@joedurak if jeb is the nominee hillary is our next president."
" @pattyds50 : @foxnews we want donald !! yah next president!   " we will all make america great again!
our next vice president of the united states of america, gov. @mike_pence !
crooked hillary said that i want guns brought into the school classroom. wrong!
here's to a safe and happy independence day for one and all - enjoy it! - j. trump
the onus of the chicago teachers' strike falls squarely on the teachers & their union. inexcusable to leave children without school.
expect the best from people. they will rise to the challenge and it's important to inspire confidence.
if we do not protect the rule of law then we can expect even more illegals to cross the border. obama’s executive amnesty is dangerous.
president obama, you have a big job to do. go to baltimore and bring both sides together. with proper leadership, it can be done! do it.
our country, under president obama, is on life support! great leaders must bring people together.
in light of newtown, our country has to pull together.
" @baberuth99 : we've got your back mr. trump! we're not politicians (all talk and no action). just let us know what you need us to do."
our country is totally split right now but someday it will come together!
thank you! together we will  !
together, we will make america safe and great again!
i didn't suggest a database-a reporter did. we must defeat islamic terrorism & have surveillance, including a watch list, to protect america
thank you for your support! we will make america safe and great again!
thank you washington! together, we will make america safe and great again!
i will defeat crooked hillary clinton on 11/8/2016.
more dead people voted in the last election than enrolled in obamacare. congratulations america!
again, more dead people voted in the last election than enrolled in obamacare. congratulations america!
thank you for your support! together we can  !
thank you! together we will  !
i have nothing to do with the plaza casino in atlantic city. i have not been involved with atlantic city for many years. used to love .!
the united states needs great deals - and fast. we have to make our country rich again in order to make our country great again!
instinct has a lot to do with timing. you have to be patient & wait for your instincts to tell you the best time to make your move.
“if you don't have time to do it right, when will you have time to do it over?” - john wooden
“you owe it to yourself and to your community to make your property the best it can be.” – think like a billionaire
" @jtphi212 : just heard you on  . we can count on you to tell it like it is. from a veteran, thank you for your honesty!!"
will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 - 5 minutes.
. @foxandfriends in 5 minutes.
will be doing fox & friends at 7 - 2 minutes.
will be on fox & friends in 3 minutes-7.00 .
the only job @barackobama cares about is his own. everything he does is for his own reelection.
he @johnedwards is bad, but @andrewyoung is worse--not only is he a "rat" but it turns out he stole much of the money for himself.
. @jebbush has embarrassed himself & his family with his incompetent campaign for president. he should remain true to himself.
" @dillydoesit trump has no problem telling it how it is, isn't that what everyone has been wanting from a president?  "
there's only only one person who has defunded medicare. his name is @barackobama .
trump will make america great!!!!
" @jimlibertarian : @nbcnewyork in god we trust and in donald we trust, donald will make america second to none in every aspect known to man!
" @veteran4trump : vets for a strong america endorses donald trump for president; "we've endorsed him, we believe in him"
we have to make america great again!
there's only only one person who has defunded medicare. his name is @barackobama .
sorry, there is no star on the stage tonight!
“think of yourself as a one-man army. you’re not only the commander in chief, you’re the soldier as well.” – think like a billionaire
"think of yourself like a one-man army. you're not only the commander in chief, you're the soldier as well." – think like a billionaire
there is only one person who should be crossing our southern border, usmc sgt. tahmooressi. boycott mexico?
thank you- new york! i love you!
thank you new york! i love you!
thank you new york, and pennsylvania!
it's freezing and snowing in new york--we need global warming!
thank you new york, i will never forget!
ted cruz is totally unelectable, if he even gets to run (born in canada). will loose big to hillary. polls show i beat hillary easily! win!
obama lied to the public about the al qaeda attack on our consulate in libya. he should be held accountable.
@ktsarita good ideas and hard work!
@swanrose2013 i create jobs!
so great to have the endorsement and support of paul ryan. we will both be working very hard to make america great again!
for success: find out what you love to do. trust yourself enough to find out what is best for you and what you're best at doing...
@joeyhatcher you'll have to watch to find out.
we need to worry about the american worker first!
@barackobama 's jobs plan sure looks like a tax increase plan to me.
thank you council bluffs, iowa! will be back soon. remember- everything you need to know about hillary -- just  .
looking forward to being in council bluffs, iowa, later today. despite weather, rally is on -- will be fantastic!  !
"the bend in the road is not the end of the road unless you refuse to take the turn." – anonymous
it wasn't only that obama saluted a marine with a cup of coffee in his hand, but why the hell does he have to exit a heli holding coffee?
@barackobama has increased the epa budget by over 150%. the epa is an impediment to both growth and jobs. it sends jobs overseas.
obamacare is an attack on our country's identity. the latest victim is the catholic church. it must be full repealed. @barackobama
thank you new york! i love you!
thank you- new york! i love you!
thank you new york, i will never forget!
thank you new york, and pennsylvania!
new  . thank you america!
tim kaine has been praising the trans pacific partnership and has been pushing hard to get it approved. job killer!
the bernie sanders supporters are furious with the choice of tim kaine, who represents the opposite of what bernie stands for. philly fight?
" @therealtommydel trump for president! tom brady as running mate?"
no-one has done more for people with disabilities than me. i have spent many millions of dollars to help out-and am happy to have done so!
we have many problems in our house (country!), and we need to fix them before we let visitors come over and stay. make america great again!
no matter how far down a path you go, if it's the wrong path, turn around and go back home - before it is too late.
i'm sending lots of bottled water out to staten island & long island.
obama told the un that “the world is more stable than it was 5 years ago.” is he delusional?
i am not just running against crooked hillary clinton, i am running against the very dishonest and totally biased media - but i will win!
rt @mittromney : i am running for president to get us creating wealth again--not to redistribute it.
the harder you work, the luckier you get!
“simply take a big goal and mold yourself to become the person who can accomplish that goal.” – think big
we are going to have a great time in cleveland. will lead to special results for our country. we will make america great again!
the best way to build a successful business is by results. in the end, that is what counts.
over the years, i've discovered that for a brand to build, the people surrounding it have to work exceptionally well together.
now that mitt is gone, all we have to do is get bush to drop out and trump to run—and we will win!
thank you to all of our amazing military families, service members, and veterans.
great job @adamscott - you deserve it!
i have a proven track record supporting our veterans. veterans deserve universal access to care. va scandal proves politicians are inept.
" @roniseale : the american people deserve a wall to protect our jobs, economy and our safety. i am the only candidate who would build it."
we have a sacred duty to care for our vets and their families. veterans deserve universal access to care anywhere and anytime!
immigration reform really changes the voting scales for the republicans—for the worse!
the republicans will get zero credit for passing immigration reform—and i said zero!
a big day for new york and for our country! make america great again!
"choose your own path: it doesn't have to be the path less traveled...what matters is that it's the right one for you." - vince lombardi
see yourself as having a lot already, and keep your integrity intact. it’s the best path to comprehensive success. - think like a champion
i can't believe that president obama isn't able or willing to make just one phone call to the family of kate e on pres-make call!
in tampa, florida- thank you to all of our outstanding volunteers who want to  !
thank you to everyone for the wonderful reviews of my speech on thursday night. from the heart!
i just got off the phone with the great people of guam! thank you for your support!  today!
many people have been asking me to answer questions. you can ask me questions at any time.
i will be meeting with the nra, who has endorsed me, about not allowing people on the terrorist watch list, or the no fly list, to buy guns.
call @melaniatrump today on @qvc at 5 pm est, say hello, and buy buy buy!
the people of scotland love trump international golf links.
“the object of war is not to die for your country but to make the other bastard die for his.” - gen. george s. patton
while @bettemidler is an extremely unattractive woman, i refuse to say that because i always insist on being politically correct.
"the sad truth is some republicans in congress are clueless when it comes to negotiation."
“ @omarosa is a bit toxic” per @brandenroderick . being a bit pc?
i don't like the opening even a little bit!
@hantas88 not even a little bit--thanks.
we only want to admit those who love our people and support our values.
the ows protesters are doing nothing to advance the interests of the 99%. time for them to go home!
i will bring our jobs back to america, fix our military and take care of our vets, end common core and obamacare, protect 2nd a, build wall
we are trying to fight isis, and now our own people are killing our police. our country is divided and out of control. the world is watching
when will we stop wasting our money on rebuilding afghanistan? we must rebuild our country first.
@dandeloof @mcuban wrong--he started it, i finished it!
...and says something is seriously wrong. he will never go down as great!
it is going to be a long and tough road to turn around cnn - they are looking at the wrong people!
“i love it when people doubt me. it makes me work harder to prove them wrong.” – derek jeter
@hatchetwounds totally wrong dopey.
obama is community organizing from the oval office on ferguson today. more riots sure to follow.
" @nectarusafsm : @kyleraccio i want donald trump to be president. he knows business and people. he needs to be in the oval office, now."
the podium in the oval office looks odd! not good, but the words will be the key.
" @ricd384 : the united states of america needs a real man in the oval office. mr. donald trump, america is ready for you. lets do it'"
make sure you take some time to enjoy the weekend. important for your mind and will help you be productive next week.
failed presidential candidate @mittromney was made to look like a fool by senator harry reid & didn't release his tax returns until 9/21/12.
no taxes in boehner or reid plan----important victory for america.
who are your favorites on team power? team plan b?
thank you senator @tedcruz !
the yankees are absolutely terrible--- what happened to this team?
"you have to love what you do or you are never going to be successful no matter what you do in life." - think big
"you have to love what you do or you are never going to be successful no matter what you do in life.” - think big
“do what you can, with what you have, where you are.” - theodore roosevelt
“you have to keep going and moving forward, no matter what is happening around you or to you.” – think like a champion
whether you think you can or think you can't---you are right. -- henry ford
the situation with russia is much more dangerous than most people may think - and could lead to world war iii. we need great leadership fast
our country and it's leadership has to be so careful and so smart - these are treacherous times, like no other. the world is a crazy place!
our country is in a major crisis of incompetent leadership. we cannot continue to go on with these politicians who do nothing but talk.
“winning takes talent, to repeat takes character.” - john wooden
it takes "guts" to win!
watch  2012 live tonight on @nbc at 9pm est!
sorry, there is no star on the stage tonight!
the stage is set for the real debate--it will be very interesting!
what is never said is that people take a big risk with their money and can lose it all. we should be given credit for taking this risk.
in your planning, know how much risk you can take. evaluate whether the returns will be worth the risk.
we have got to take our country back. it's time!
... will happen when you go against the tide; when you take a risk and it works." - think big
we, as a country, either have borders or we don't. if we don't have borders, we don't have a country!
six hours left to  connecticut!
for the ny state repubs to waste time, energy and money on a primary—then go against 3-1 dems—is insane.
word is that crying @glennbeck left the gop and doesn't have the right to vote in the republican primary. dumb as a rock.
internal polling shows that i would swamp @robastorino in a ny republican primary 77% to 23%. but won’t run if party is not unified.
thank you to the robb report, the best of the best issue, for just naming trump international golf links the best new golf course in world!
“if you want the best, you’d better be the best – in all aspects of business.” – think like a billionaire
“you don't necessarily need the best location. what you need is the best deal.” – the art of the deal
you don't necessarily need the best location. what you need is the best deal. -- the art of the deal
“if you want to be the best, you’d better be the best – in all aspects of business.” - think like a billionaire
" @riannarichards : this is why i agree with donald trump: they should ban flights from  infected countries from entering the ."
hillary clinton said that it is . to ban muslims from israel by building a wall, but not . to do so in the . we must be vigilant!
thank you for all of your support! most importantly - we need to get everyone out to vote!
our country does not feel 'great already' to the millions of wonderful people living in poverty, violence and despair.
when the economy is bad, @barackobama wants to raise taxes. when the economy is good, @barackobama wants to raise taxes. notice a trend?
"things work out best for those who make the best of how things work out." -- john wooden
goofy elizabeth warren lied when she says i want to abolish the federal minimum wage. see media—asking for increase!
if you're passionate about your work, you will never give up.
" @e1e5672d96c747c :mr. trump,we need you in office,we need you to direct your famous quote to all who have jeopardize our country,your fired!
adrian also gives autographs if you stop by the lobby of @trumptowerny .
thank you marco, i agree!
make america great again!
make america great again! make america safe again!
" @lee_richter : trump will make america safe again...he will make america legal again...he will make america great again!  usa"
we have to make america great again!
thank you! we will make america great again!
go to trump doral in miami and watch the world golf championship! on now!
no, i wasn't at the @yankees game yesterday- can't go today either. when i go, they win.
who are your favorites on team power? team plan b?
@10ajmccarron great game last week, your team really needed you!
watch the game-really good.
thank you- new york! i love you!
thank you new york! i love you!
thank you new york, and pennsylvania!
thank you new york, i will never forget!
it's too bad so few people showed up to @bobvanderplaats family leader dinner. next year i'll try & be there- and they'll have a huge crowd!
" @hillarysusans : @ivankatrump your dad is awesome. he should run for president. he could raise the country like he raised his kids and wow."
the only job @barackobama cares about is his own. everything he does is for his own reelection.
ted cruz is falling in the polls. he is nervous. people are worried about his place of birth and his failure to report his loans from banks!
putin's letter is a masterpiece for russia and a disaster for the . he is lecturing to our r has our country looked to weak
...so far, he has been a complete failure at doing so. he should read the art of the deal and use his energy to focus on a new career.
china has so much of our debt that they can't put us in default w/o killing themselves---us needs our toughest negotiator---and fast!
" @chrissergeant : @thomas thanks for the endorsement but there's far more entertaining folk than me out there. there's donald trump for one."
@lord_sugar much more than anybody knows dopey, much more - and it will soon be revealed in detail.
we are trying to fight isis, and now our own people are killing our police. our country is divided and out of control. the world is watching
we can create jobs in the american economy by protecting our own manufacturing sector.
“simply take a big goal and mold yourself to become the person who can accomplish that goal.” – think big
there’s a reason @mcuban ’s partners can’t stand him and on top of that, the team sucks!
congress is  to cut, cap and e is no revenue  debt limit cannot be raised until obama spending is contained.
2012 is the most important election of my lifetime. @barackobama must be defeated.
regardless of the usc's ruling, obamacare can only be defeated politically. it must be legislatively repealed or america will go bankrupt.
. @ewanshearer happy birthday
@scottlara1961 have a happy birthday.
thanks everybody for the happy birthday greetings, but it’s actually the 10th birthday of the apprentice. my birthday is june 14th....
@clemensisland13 have a great time-happy birthday!
happy birthday to my wonderful daughter, @ivankatrump .
the chinese talk of climate change and carbon footprint but don't clean up their factories-but they sell us the equipment to clean up ours!
we will immediately repeal and replace obamacare - and nobody can do that like me. we will save $'s and have much better healthcare!
. @jebbush , like it or not, our country needs more energy and spirit than you can provide!
without passion you don't have energy, without energy you have nothing. find work that you love and the energy will be there.
china is the biggest environmental polluter in the world, by far. they do nothing to clean up their factories and laugh at our stupidity!
hillary clinton has been involved in corruption for most of her professional life!
the worst thing hillary could do is have her husband campaign for her. just watch.
if hillary thinks she can unleash her husband, with his terrible record of women abuse, while playing the women's card on me, she's wrong!
the media is so after me on women wow, this is a tough business. nobody has more respect for women than donald trump!
the hillary clinton staged event yesterday was pathetic. be careful hillary as you play the war on women or women being degraded card.
bill clinton has been obama's most effective surrogate out on the trail.
crooked hillary has been fighting isis, or whatever she has been doing, for years. now she has new ideas. it is time for change.
president obama is finally getting hammered, even by his most loyal supporters and the press-i guess they can only take so much!
thank you connecticut, delaware, maryland, pennsylvania, and rhode island!
thank you rhode island!
thank you for a great day yesterday, rhode island!
thank you california, connecticut, maryland, and pennsylvania!
on the way to the great state of rhode island- big rally. then to pennsylvania for rest of day and night!
“i love it when people doubt me. it makes me work harder to prove them wrong.” – derek jeter
"if you voted for obama in 2008 to prove you were not a racist then vote for romney in 2012 to prove you are not stupid." thanks walter d!
if you want to know about hillary clinton's honesty & judgment, ask the family of ambassador stevens.
get ready for tonight!
 @midlandmainline @dmregister who else is as qualified as the donald, it needs a man who makes thing happen there's only one  trump
bernie sanders was right when he said that crooked hillary clinton was not qualified to be president because she suffers from bad judgement!
" @bella270012 :donaldtrump the next man in office is going to have one heck of a mess to clean up..i think you're the only one who can do it.
i said that crooked hillary clinton is "not qualified" to be president because she has "very bad judgement" - bernie said the same thing!
the iran nuclear deal is a terrible one for the united states and the world. it does nothing but make iran rich and will lead to catastrophe
iran's quest for nuclear weapons is a major threat to our nation's national security interests. we can't allow iran to go nuclear.
obama’s nuclear deal with the iranians will lead to a nuclear arms race in the middle east. it has to be stopped.
iran and the united states just pushed deadline back seven months on working out a nuclear deal. iran is tapping along our bad negotiators!
" @fortworthhomes : “ @foxandfriends :trump calls out those negotiating with iran on a new nuclear deal.  ”i believe him."
as usual, the weather people got it wrong in tampa. they just look for headlines & ratings!
" @modivmusic i've been reading @therealkiyosaki books and about warrenbuffett lately. i need some trump books to read!" the art of the deal"
" @modivmusic i've been reading @therealkiyosaki books and about @warrenbuffett lately. i need some trump books to read!" the art of the deal
"@bitchclassyboss: how i wish mr trump would write more books. so in love with his books." i am now writing "the art of the deal, part ii.
"i don't consider writing books a small venture...writing books is essentially a sharing experience." @midastouch @therealkiyosaki
thoughts and prayers to the families of the four great marines killed today.
thoughts and prayers to the great people of indiana. you will prevail!
thoughts & prayers with everyone in lafayette, louisiana this evening.
my thoughts and prayers are with the victims and families of those affected by two powerful earthquakes in italy and myanmar.
thoughts and prayers for those in the floods affecting the great people of south carolina.
the worst thing hillary could do is have her husband campaign for her. just watch.
watch celebrity apprentice, on now!
...trump, however, would kick his ass!
watch @ac360 on now! @cnn
watch face the nation - will be on now!
thank you! together we will  !
thank you america! together- we will  !
thank you america! together, we will all  !
& together we will  ! thank you for your support!
together, we will make america safe and great again!
thank you for your support!
from 2% to 27% in texas - quite a jump into first place!
don't let obama play the iran card in order to start a war in order to get elected--be careful republicans!
@barackobama will attack iran in order to get re-elected.
they changed the name global warming to climate change because the concept of global warming just wasn't working!
the least number of hurricanes in the . in decades. so they change global warming (too cold) to climate change-now what will they call it
" @oldmanconroy : it's called "climate change". no, they changed it to "climate change" when "global warming" wasn't working anymore-too cold!
they changed the name from “global warming” to “climate change” after the term global warming just wasn’t working (it was too cold)!
for those that constantly say that “global warming” is now “climate change”—they changed the name. the name global warming wasn’t working
@skiingelvis it will be the country's finest resort!
it is outrageous and disgusting that families of . military personnel killed in action will not be given money for burials. sad!
that said, the rich arab countries should get involved with the syrian mess, not  should start rebuilding our own country & military.
for the first time in the history of military operations a country has broadcast what, when and where they will be doing in a future attack!
when renovations are completed, trump national doral will be the finest resort in the .
" @baberuth99 : we've got your back mr. trump! we're not politicians (all talk and no action). just let us know what you need us to do."
during primetime of the iowa caucus, cruz put out a release that @realbencarson was quitting the race, and to caucus (or vote) for cruz.
"@jollygoodman181: vote trump for president 2016 americans last hope donald trump... let's take our country back. vote for the "don" 2016"
we have got to take our country back. it's time!
republicans and democrats must come together now to make america great again!
china is not our friend. they are not our ally. they want to overtake us, and if we don’t get smart and tough soon, they will.
"they succeed, because they think they can." -- virgil
if your enemies end up liking you it’s because they beat you. you want their respect, not their friendship.
if you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing, you're right. -- henry ford
china will never go to war with us because if they won they would only take over property they already own!
the yankees are sure lucky george steinbrenner is not around. a lot of people would be losing their jobs.
... people love to hear their names and their stories said out loud.” – think like a billionaire
@noma2300 you must be kidding - i kicked both of their ugly assses!
just leaving salt lake city, utah- fantastic crowd with no interruptions. love utah- will be back!
i don’t cheat at golf but @samuelljackson cheats—with his game he has no choice—and stop doing commercials!
"if you love what you do, you are going to work harder, you are going to try harder and you will be better at it." - think big
make sure to vote today. vote for real change. change that will deliver jobs and a free & strong america. vote for @mittromney .
gary johnson is asking people "to waste" their vote on him. make it count - vote for @mittromney .
al sharpton said they are "even making it more harder to register people to vote". which is worse, his grammar or his thoughts?
"entrepreneurs must have vision plus the power of focus... to see the future and turn their vision into a profitable reality."
in tampa, florida- thank you to all of our outstanding volunteers who want to  !
such great support in new hampshire. so many people are working so hard to  !
. @repchriscollins chris, thank you so much for your wonderful endorsement. i will not let you down! @cnn
" @willspeakout : thank you for all that you are doing for us! you campaign endlessly and have spent  love you!  " thanks
thank you to all of the men and women who have served our country. you are our true heroes!
thank you for your support!
. @ajdelgado13 thank you so much for the nice words and support--really enjoy listening to your ideas and thoughts.
thank you for all of your support! let's  !
& together we will  ! thank you for your support!
thank you for your support! together we can  !
sanders said only black lives matter - wow! hillary did not answer question!
black lives matter protesters totally disrupt hillary clinton event. she looked lost. this is not what we need with isis, china, russia etc.
military lives matter! end gun free zones! our soldiers must be able to protect themselves! this has to stop!
check out ivanka's new facebook page and keep up with what's happening--from the celebrity apprentice, to jewlery to free tickets and more..
thank you des moines, iowa! governor @mike_pence and i appreciate your support!
on my way to iowa. will be landing in des moines in two hours. see ya!
a great evening in iowa! thank you des moines area community college for a great forum!
. @ivankatrump and @piersmorgan will be wonderful advisors.
"@fsdiva06: santa...all i want for christmas.  kids to be healthy  pay off all our debt be debt free 3. donaldtrump become president
republicans remember—debt ceiling, debt ceiling, debt ceiling—be smart and you will win!
i am "the king of debt."that has been great for me as a businessman, but is bad for the country. i made a fortune off of debt, will fix .
@barackobama inherited $10.6 trillion in national debt---will leave after his first term with the debt at over $17.6 trillion.
america has lost its aaa rating and gained over $6t in debt under @barackobama and now he wants to raise the debt ceiling--scary!
“we build too many walls and not enough bridges.” - isaac newton
" @dcfoodsafety : i will not vote for a person that thinks that she does not have 2 follow same laws that i do. i know my vote  "
i'm not saying to not give vaccines, i am just saying give them small doses over a long period of time - not one massive dose for a child.
everybody knows why obama would not show his college applications --- they are just not willing to say!
" @sjavner : reading crippled america ....feeling love for our country first, in it's pages. that's why i stand with trump"
a big day for new york and for our country! make america great again!
the new amnesty bill is over 1000 pages. it is another monstrosity a la obamacare.
today will be a big day @team_mitch for you in many ways. the country is lucky.
look how small the pages have become @wsj . looks like a tabloid—saving money i assume!
the worst thing hillary could do is have her husband campaign for her. just watch.
just finished speaking in jacksonville, florida. incredible crowd, fantastic people. thank you!
" @_trump4potus : trump continues to rise in the polls! the american people are speaking and speaking loudly.   "
what about the undocumented immigrant with a record who killed the beautiful young women (in front of her father) in san fran. get smart!
“the object of war is not to die for your country but to make the other bastard die for his.” - gen. george s. patton
if russia or any other country or person has hillary clinton's 33,000 illegally deleted emails, perhaps they should share them with the fbi!
once again the bush appointed supreme court justice john roberts has let us down. jeb pushed him hard! remember!
the middle-class has become the new poor in this country and our incompetent politicians are unable to do anything about  don't care!
when i made the apprentice the  show in the us, that was a good day for you...
" @sfc17972 : hearing you is a great way to start the week! country needs true  to see your name on the ballot!!" @foxandfriends
" @greenskydeb : look everybody, donaldtrump will win it on the first ballot so keep praying!!!    "
a lot of complaints from people saying my name is not on the ballot in various places in florida? hope this is false.
americans elect on track to put an indy presidential candidate on the ballot in all 50 states.
we are now at 1001 delegates. we will win on the first ballot and are not wasting time and effort on other ballots because system is rigged!
notice that illegal immigrants will be given obamacare and free college tuition but nothing has been mentioned about our veterans
the american people agree. no free pass for  !
"@fsdiva06: santa...all i want for christmas.  kids to be healthy  pay off all our debt be debt free 3. donaldtrump become president
@phil_grech your not free, you'll never be free. you'll be back (if you ever left) because you can't help yourself!
keep wednesday morning free. you will want to see this!
happy thanksgiving to all. have a great day and look forward to the future. we will make america great again!
today is  . let us be thankful for our nation’s finest who fight at all corners of the earth to protect our freedoms.
while bernie has totally given up on his fight for the people, we welcome all voters who want a better future for our workers.
south carolina voters have the future of our country in their hands. vote now (today), and make america great again!
i got to know @scottwalker well—he’s a very nice person and has a great future.
why is president obama allowed to use air force one on the campaign trail with crooked hillary? she is flying with him tomorrow. who pays?
taxpayers are paying a fortune for the use of air force one on the campaign trail by president obama and crooked hillary. a total disgrace!
entrepreneurs: follow your own path—it will bring you to the places you were meant to be.
a really bad night for president obama. now the republicans have to get together and get the job done!
“get in. get it done. get it done right. get out.” – fred c. trump (my father!)
“get in. get it done. get it done right. get out.” – my father, fred c. trump
my father's 4 step formula for success: "get in, get it done, get it done right, and get out." -- fred c. trump
 @rajeevsamtani : get in, get it done, get it done right & get out  trump actually, told to me by my father, fred trump.
broken promises. a broken billion dollar website. obamacare can’t be fixed. repeal!
@phil_grech your not free, you'll never be free. you'll be back (if you ever left) because you can't help yourself!
" @mkathleenhunter donald, that's a wonderful picture of you and your dad. you can sense his love and pride in you!" thank you.
have to go now to sign a great and job producing deal! good night.
president obama will go down as perhaps the worst president in the history of the united states!
remember, china is not a friend of the united states!
" @epilepsys will you or @erictrump try to be president of the united states? you could be a great president." thanks.
the united states must immediately institute strong travel restrictions or ebola will be all over the united states-a plague like no other!
don't worry, the united states will be great again!
i would like to offer vice president biden my warmest condolences on the loss of his wonderful son, beau. met him once, great guy!
“one man with courage is a majority.” - thomas jefferson
thank you to everyone for the wonderful reviews of my speech on thursday night. from the heart!
who would you like to see on next season of  ? let us know- everyone wants to be on it.
"@mrkhanm87: everyone wants to be donald trump, yet no one knows what he has been through in past. no one wants to accept the hard work."
in order to be successful, especially to be very successful, you must have the ability to be able to handle pressure!
“if you want to be successful at anything in life, you have to be able to handle pressure.” – think big
it has been great to meet so many wonderful people in my  book signings. anyone who wants to be prez should read!
"@joedurak if jeb is the nominee hillary is our next president."
such a great honor to be the republican nominee for president of the united states. i will work hard and never let you down! america first!
there is no way that carly fiorina can become the republican nominee or win against the dems. boxer killed her for senate in california!
if you have passion, confidence, resilience, & vision, you could become an entrepreneur. add focus to the list & you're off to a good start
" @tuggers56 : @pmgeezer hillary is so afraid of him. the gop is afraid of him. the american people embrace him! let's elect him, donaldtrump
" @shrubshrub : i've said it before. i'll say it again. the turn down service at the @trumptoronto is the best in the world." thank you!
" @belllabooo13 : @foxandfriends mr trump glad to hear you say we are going to make this country great again! your honest you tell it like it"
remember, go vote--we need real change this time.
"inspiration exists, but it must find you working." -- pablo picasso
dopey @lord_sugar —look in the mirror and thank the real lord that donald trump exists. you are nothing!
can you believe the head of iran refused to meet with our great president?—zero respect!
do you believe this one - secretary of state john kerry just stated that the most dangerous weapon of all today is climate change. laughable
with 50 days until the election, it is  for @mittromney & @gop
four more days until the miss universe pageant. be sure to tune in on monday night at 9 . on nbc--it will be an amazing show.
"@joedurak if jeb is the nominee hillary is our next president."
big storm in new hampshire. moved my event to monday. will be there next four days.
i can’t believe that prime minister @david_cameron is giving massive subsidy to scotland to destroy itself with windfarms.
prime minister @david_cameron is very foolish in giving @alexsalmond so much money to build wind turbines which r destroying scotland.
happy 4th of july to everyone! make america great again!
happy 4th of july to everyone, including the haters and losers!
who do you think won?
thanks everyone, they all said i won the debate. even won the @cnbc poll!
be sure to watch the apprentice tonight, 10 . on nbc--it's an episode you won't forget!
obama told his donors this past week “public opinion” is on his side. don't believe that one either.
if any candidate believes that with what we know today we still should have invaded iraq then they are unqualified to be commander-in-chief.
i never want someone working for me who doesn’t want to be there--and in the same way, you shouldn’t want to be there, either.
" @mjvictory : @stl_blonde dt is a better choice than any candidate on either side based on his vision of prosperity & national security."
more poll results from last nights commander-in-chief forum.
we will bring america together as one country again – united as americans in common purpose and common dreams.
i have been consistent in my opposition to common core. get rid of common core--- keep education local!
“watch what people are cynical about, and one can often discover what they lack.” - general george s. patton
what bernie sanders really thinks of crooked hillary clinton.
" @shepherdgarrett : it doesn't matter what the media thinks--it matters what the american people think keep it up!  "
the more you know, the more you realize how much you don't know. how can you possibly discover anything if you already know everything?
"i aim very high, and then just keep pushing and pushing to get what i'm after." - the art of the deal
always borrow money from a pessimist because he will never expect it to be paid back!
another company that the doe has given money to just filed for bankruptcy. this is how the money we borrow at 40% from china is wasted.
@barackobama ’s new job plan will certainly do the following – 1. not create any jobs. 2. borrow more money from china.
...and borrow cheap! you will thank me someday.
notice that illegal immigrants will be given obamacare and free college tuition but nothing has been mentioned about our veterans
great poll numbers just coming out of new hampshire. big lead for "trump" according to @cnn !
smart move by the democrats to have pres. @billclinton play a key role in their convention.
many of the great jobs that the people of our country want are long gone, shipped to other countries. we now are part time, sad! i will fix!
we have got to take our country back. it's time!
i am "the king of debt."that has been great for me as a businessman, but is bad for the country. i made a fortune off of debt, will fix .
remember, the terrible 5 for 1 trade whereby the taliban got back leaders (killers) and we got back a nothing, will come back to haunt .!
that was some episode last week-we've got a great cast!
i am on @foxandfriends now! tune in!
" @_trump4potus : trump continues to rise in the polls! the american people are speaking and speaking loudly.   "
@squawkcnbc --tomorrow at 7:30 am. tune in!
i'm on @foxandfriends this monday at 7:30 am. tune in!
tomorrow is  on @squawkcnbc at 7:30 am. tune in!
. @mittromney 's entire life and career have built prosperity and growth.
crooked hillary has been fighting isis, or whatever she has been doing, for years. now she has new ideas. it is time for change.
the secret of getting ahead is getting started. -- mark twain
"the secret of getting ahead is getting started." -- mark twain
i am not only fighting crooked hillary, i am fighting the dishonest and corrupt media and her government protection process. people get it!
@jaypeemoney los angeles or scotland!
i am on @foxnews with @greta doing a town hall, from wisconsin- now! enjoy!
@uberburgers trump national golf club los angeles.
iran's quest for nuclear weapons is a major threat to our nation's national security interests. we can't allow iran to go nuclear.
" @jimlibertarian : @nbcnewyork in god we trust and in donald we trust, donald will make america second to none in every aspect known to man!
" @trump_world : "the man with a plan! go trump! we got your back!  " donaldtrump   "
“one man with courage is a majority.” - thomas jefferson
if i would have challenged the man, the media would have accused me of interfering with that man's right of free speech. a no win situation!
head of air force's anti-sexual assault unit arrested for sexual assault! it just seems that our country is not what it used to be.
sexual assault and rape in the armed forces is a massive problem that nobody wants to talk about or do anything about-the big dark secret!
"he that is good for making excuses is seldom good for anything else." -- benjamin franklin
@mayorgas good! and good luck!
it is my great honor to be speaking at cpac 2013. they are all about what's good for america.
@a123r7o thanks, good choice & good luck.
@xo_deannayoung good subject, good luck!
@swanrose2013 i create jobs!
congratulations to our great women's olympic soccer team @ussoccer on their gold medal. they made us all proud!
congratulations to our olympic team for by far winning the most medals, including first place gold.
@kennethhazlett an answer would not be pretty!
we need much tougher, much smarter leadership - and we need it now!
" @christianlasval : "what's happening to us is not a question of tough,it's a question of smart." hurry and run already, we need to get smart
it is now a fact that president obama lied in order to get obamacare passed-that is fraud and the legislation should be recinded-interesting
it all comes down to one simple question: how much money can you stand to lose? that’s how much risk you should assume.
. @piersmorgan and @omarosa really hate each other.
" @jules1327 : the women rule tonight on  - let's hope they don't kill each other before next week! @ivankatrump
i laugh when i see marco rubio and jeb bush pretending to "love" each other, with each talking of their great friendship. typical phony pols
bush and rubio are finally attacking each other, as i knew they would, in order to be the last "establishment" man standing against t
our country has to come together. we have to start working with, and really liking, each other. the whole world is watching baltimore.
in the upcoming new year we will focus like never before - if we do that we will have complete and total victory in all we do!
great going to all of dubai in winning what will be a fantastic  - we will all be there!
. @anncoulter has been amazing. we will win and establish strong borders, we will build a wall and mexico will pay. we will be great again!
why do we keep broadcasting when we are going to attack syria. why can't we just be quiet and, if we attack at all, catch them by surprise?
so many people think i will not run for , i wonder what the response will be if i do. even the haters and losers will be happy!
just to show you how unfair republican primary politics can be, i won the state of louisiana and get less delegates than cruz-lawsuit coming
. @cnn and @msnbc need big help in the ratings- i can tell them where they are going wrong.
thank you for your support! together we can  !
goofy elizabeth warren is now using the woman’s card like her friend crooked hillary. see her dumb tweet “when a woman stands up to you…”
if obama has to re-fight this fight next year he loses -- "watch the fine details in every deal" -- the art of the deal
watch celebrity apprentice, on now!
an analysis showed that bernie sanders would have won the democratic nomination if it were not for the super delegates.
enjoy the super bowl!
@jkells2005 know everything you can (update daily) & cover your bases.
the latest update on bret michaels is that he's making every effort to attend the live finale of celebrity apprentice on sunday--so tune in!
thank you america! together- we will  !
thank you america! together, we will all  !
thank you! together we will  !
together, we will make america safe and great again!
thank you new hampshire! together we will make america great again!
thank you to teachers across america! when i become potus we will make education a far more important component of our life than it is now.
@swanrose2013 i create jobs!
remember, after this, new episode starts - 5 minutes!
entrepreneurs: everything starts with you. realize that you're in charge. whatever happens, you're responsible.
realize that being an entrepreneur is not a group effort. you're in charge--everything starts with you.
realize that being an entrepreneur is not a group effort. you're in charge. everything starts with you.
entrepreneurs: everything starts with you. leadership is not a group effort--if you're in charge, then be in charge.
... people love to hear their names and their stories said out loud.” – think like a billionaire
" @cycick donald trump is the king of quotes you really should listen to him!" thanks.
. @jebbush has embarrassed himself & his family with his incompetent campaign for president. he should remain true to himself.
all he does is go on television is talk, talk, talk, but incapable of doing anything.
“remember people’s names and small details about them. use both in conversation...
can't watch crazy megyn anymore. talks about me at 43% but never mentions that there are four people in race. with two people, big & over!
" @alphainparis : @seanhannity donaldtrump is the 21st century ronald reagan. intelligent. bold. surrounded by good people. gets the job done.
the chinese talk of climate change and carbon footprint but don't clean up their factories-but they sell us the equipment to clean up ours!
as usual, the "storm of the century" was not nearly as bad as forecast. what a waste of time, energy and money!
" @oldmanconroy : it's called "climate change". no, they changed it to "climate change" when "global warming" wasn't working anymore-too cold!
give me clean, beautiful and healthy air - not the same old climate change (global warming) bullshit! i am tired of hearing this nonsense.
is supreme court justice ruth bader ginsburg going to apologize to me for her misconduct? big mistake by an incompetent judge!
justice ginsburg of the . supreme court has embarrassed all by making very dumb political statements about me. her mind is shot - resign!
. @ewanshearer happy birthday
@ron_fournier actually, i like you!
looks like @omarosa is up to the challenge.
take your work seriously, take yourself less seriously. it’s a great recipe for some good times & great memories.
entrepreneurs: be prepared and be tough. cover your bases! there are a lot of ups and downs, but you can ride them out if you're prepared.
“always be prepared to start.” - joe montana
be prepared for a sensational episode of the apprentice tomorrow night, 10 pm on nbc.
be tough, be focused. there are a lot of ups and downs, but you can ride them out if you're prepared for them.
get the big picture but be prepared for the picture to change. be persistent and alert every single day.
thank you to all of the men and women who have served our country. you are our true heroes!
....that has served our country is put on a waiting list and gets no care.
thank you to our fantastic veterans. the reviews and polls from almost everyone of my commander-in-chief presentation were great. nice!
happy veterans day. to those who have served, thank you for your special work.
wishing everyone a happy memorial day, and a thank you to all the soldiers who protected our great country.
great memory @therealmarilu !
iran's quest for nuclear weapons is a major threat to our nation's national security interests. we can't allow iran to go nuclear.
the only global warming that people should be concerned with is the global warming caused by nuclear weapons because of our weak . leader
“most people think small because most people are afraid of success, afraid of making decisions, afraid of winning” the art of the deal
most people think small, because most people are afraid of success, afraid of making decisions, afraid of winning. the art of the deal
are people really afraid of @omarosa would you be?
i am in iowa watching all of these phony . ads by the other candidates. all bull, politicians are all talk and no action-it won't happen!
get rid of all of these commercials.
@jayknowles1978 just the beginning!
re: negotiation: view any conflict as an opportunity. be a diplomat as much as possible.
as usual, the "storm of the century" was not nearly as bad as forecast. what a waste of time, energy and money!
as dishonest as @rollingstone is i say @huffingtonpost is worse. neither has much money - sue them and put them out of business!
president obama thinks the nation is not as divided as people think. he is living in a world of the make believe!
"a general is just as good or just as bad as the troops under his command make him." --douglas macarthur
wishing everyone a happy memorial day weekend, with a special thought for all the veterans who have done so much for our freedom.
we need much tougher, much smarter leadership - and we need it now!
the veterans administration is in shambles and our veterans are suffering greatly. john mccain has done nothing to help them but talk.
no-one has done more for people with disabilities than me. i have spent many millions of dollars to help out-and am happy to have done so!
we need another bush in office about as much as we need obama to have a 3rd term. no more bushes!
most people think small, because most people are afraid of success, afraid of making decisions, afraid of winning. the art of the deal
“most people think small because most people are afraid of success, afraid of making decisions, afraid of winning” the art of the deal
are people really afraid of @omarosa would you be?
@rodstowell73 they are all afraid to use it because they know what will happen - thanks!
. @rnc leadership should not be afraid of a government shutdown. they should be afraid of not defunding obamacare.
immigration reform really changes the voting scales for the republicans—for the worse!
wishing everyone a wonderful independence day weekend. we have a lot to be thankful for.
get ready for tonight!
getting ready to watch the debate--- as they say "let's get ready to rumble"!
"@dmanhomee: i support donaldtrump 100% for 2016! he is the only candidate that will return this country to the great country it once was!"
@gramma421 not recent, long term support for the autism community.
it was great being in michigan. remember, i am the only presidential candidate who will bring jobs back to the  protect car industry!
autism rates through the roof--why doesn't the obama administration do something about doctor-inflicted autism. we lose nothing to try.
" @veneziamatthew : trump is the only real candidate. he is only saying what we all know. much crime comes from illegal immigrants. fact!"
doing fox & friends at 7 .
fox & friends at 7.00
it’s been great making so many new friends at trump @doralresort for the @cadillacchamp . good luck to everyone!
will be on fox & friends in 3 minutes-7.00 .
doing fox and friends in two minutes!
we pay for obama's travel so he can fundraise millions so democrats can run on lies. then we pay for his golf.
we are stupidly paying iran billions of dollars that we should not be paying. why isn't this part of the nuclear negotiations? really dumb!
in the upcoming new year we will focus like never before - if we do that we will have complete and total victory in all we do!
when is south korea going to start paying us for the massive amounts of money we are spending to protect them from the north?
why do we keep broadcasting when we are going to attack syria. why can't we just be quiet and, if we attack at all, catch them by surprise?
@latoyajackson thanks la toya!
i like john mccain but we have to start rebuilding the united states instead of countries who hate us and want us to fail - be smart!
i don't want to be the only billionaire in america---i want all americans to be rich.
i never want someone working for me who doesn’t want to be there--and in the same way, you shouldn’t want to be there, either.
think of it, the arab league doesn't want to get involved with syria - but they want us to do their dirty work. how stupid!
. @johnlegere t-mobile service is terrible! why can't you do something to improve it for your customers. i don't want it in my buildings.
with all of the crooked hillary clinton's foreign policy experience, she has made so many mistakes - and i mean real monsters! no more hrc.
obama is a disaster at foreign policy. never had the experience or knowledge. he is not capable of doing the job.
crooked hillary is spending big wall street money on ads saying i don't have foreign policy experience, yet look what her policies have done
our foreign policy decisions are dumbest in . history
i wish tonight's debate would cover more than foreign policy.
interesting -- studies show that wind farms have a warming effect on the climate
what is he reading?
when i made the apprentice the  show in the us, that was a good day for you...
young entrepeneurs: think big, stay motivated & always remain confident. the sky is the limit.
@rogerjmunson only 40 hours? (just kidding).
why doesn’t somebody study the horrible charges brought against @macys for racial profiling? terrible hypocrites!
is this the new york that ted cruz is talking about & demeaning?
make sure to follow me on @periscopeco . i will be streaming my announcement at 11am.
tonight's episode of @apprenticenbc is not only the best episode ever, it has a great lesson in life. don't miss it!
funny, if you listen to @foxnews , the democrats did not have a good day. if you listen to the other two, they are fawning. what a difference
sunday night at 9 pm est will be re-run of last week's episode of celebrity @apprenticenbc , followed by new episode at 10 pm.
new episode starting now!
. @evaemery thanks--you sound great!
go out and vote--- this will be the most important election of our time!
i will be meeting with the nra, who has endorsed me, about not allowing people on the terrorist watch list, or the no fly list, to buy guns.
the time magazine list of the 100 most influential people is a joke and stunt of a magazine that will, like newsweek,soon be dead. bad list!
most of the world's great riders are at mar-a-lago today for the trump invitational, one of the most important equestrian events of the year
we will now be helping syria and iran by attacking isis - ironic, isn't it!
reggie jackson's statement on a-rod was 100% correct.
with obama and bernanke destroying the value of the dollar, gold and real estate should continue to rise in value.
" @patrickweeks : “it’s  , it’s  , it’s  . it’s  , from my standpoint, and i just love  .” ~ donald
 @ccrealty2 : it’s tangible, it’s solid, it’s beautiful. it’s artistic, from my standpoint, and i just love real estate.  trump
" @lisagoetz whether it's the real him or not...the donald is full of wise words!!    " it is!
. @gretchencarlson 's memoir is a powerful example of perseverance & hope. “getting real” is as real as it gets. get it & enjoy!
" @apprenticenbc : sending warm wishes to our dear friend @hollyrpeete on her birthday today! happy birthday, holly!
happy birthday to my friend, the great @jacknicklaus - a totally special guy!
happy birthday to my legendary friend aretha franklin.
happy birthday to my wonderful daughter, @ivankatrump .
@clemensisland13 have a great time-happy birthday!
"if we did all the things we are capable of, we would literally astound ourselves." -- thomas a. edison
"if we did all the things we are capable of, we would literally astound ourselves." -- thomas edison
"things work out best for those who make the best of how things work out." -- john wooden
today is  . let us be thankful for our nation’s finest who fight at all corners of the earth to protect our freedoms.
i have traveled the world. america is the most beautiful country on earth.
i'll be on @foxandfriends this morning at 7:00. so much to talk about!
i will be interviewed on @foxandfriends this morning at 7:30. so much to talk about!
i will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:00 this morning. plenty to talk about!
i will be on @meetthepress in an interview with @chucktodd on sunday morning. so much to talk about!
i will be on @foxandfriends monday morning at 7.00. a lot to talk about!
@fidanizzbig you need both, thanks.
both ted cruz and john kasich have no path to victory. they should both drop out of the race so that the republican party can unify!
" @masterbaxter8 : rosie & obama have something in common, both disasters and both made a huge mistake messing with trump.  "
remember, go vote--we need real change this time.
republicans and democrats have both created our economic problems.
where is the progress in the state of new york over the last three years? there is none--only backwards.
poll numbers way up - making big progress!
the president’s speech tonight will largely focus on class warfare. the republicans don’t know how to handle that—i do.
the cast has been largely selected for next year's celebrity apprentice. wait 'till you hear the names-amazing! season 14-many nights at
we have to make america great again!
what message does it send when @barackobama 's campaign has to spin whether america is better off than it was 4 years ago?
we are going to win and make america great again, maybe better than ever before!
we are going to make our country so strong again, so great again. no more ripping off the united states. we will make america great again!
why can't the media tell the truth - we would all be so much better off!
i bet the terrorists in libya used weapons we supplied them during their so called 'revolution' to attack our embassy in benghazi.
head of air force's anti-sexual assault unit arrested for sexual assault! it just seems that our country is not what it used to be.
"change is the law of life. and those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the future." john f. kennedy
hillary clinton is unfit to be president. she has bad judgement, poor leadership skills and a very bad and destructive track record. change!
" @oldmanconroy : it's called "climate change". no, they changed it to "climate change" when "global warming" wasn't working anymore-too cold!
when true golfers see what i do at doral it will be the hottest club in the country.
had a fantastic dinner last night at quattro, in the trump soho hotel. it's already one of the hottest new restaurants in the city.
getting ready to watch the debate--- as they say "let's get ready to rumble"!
" @linclonone congrats on your win. never considered you would not win enjoy you every monday on fox" thank you
thank you! together we will  !
get ready for tonight!
i would absolutely kill jon stewart(?) in a debate - it would be no contest - he's not fast enough or smart enough (only obnoxious enough!).
. @rushlimbaugh is right—the republicans lost because they weren’t conservative enough—or tough enough.
@maxvayner your man, little jon s(?) can't win, he's not smart enough or quick enough!
the gop primary schedule is a disaster. not enough time.
i've had enough of this - good night!
“see yourself as victorious! that will focus you in the right direction.” – trump never give up
learn, work and think in equal proportions and you'll be going in the right direction.
" @babyfuzz1969 : declare your candidacy! right time, right age, right mind w/common sense, right leadership    "
review your work habits & make sure they are taking you in the right direction. don't tread water--get out there and go for it.
" @etownsend739 : mr. trump, today is my birthday. my wish is for you to run for president and get this country headed in the right direction"
we only want to admit those who love our people and support our values.
@joeyhatcher you'll have to watch to find out.
. @alexsalmond rt @islandbluenose you'll be doing us in scotland a great service if you win. good luck.
@phil_grech your not free, you'll never be free. you'll be back (if you ever left) because you can't help yourself!
be sure to watch the celebrity apprentice on sunday at 9 pm on nbc. it's an episode you'll want to see---and one you won't forget!
i'll be turning the table on larry king this saturday night. i'll be interviewing him in honor of the 25th anniversary of his show.
we are one nation. when one hurts, we all hurt. we must all work together-to lift each other up.
we are one nation. when one state hurts, we all hurt. we must all work together - to lift each other up.
. @piersmorgan and @omarosa really hate each other.
i laugh when i see marco rubio and jeb bush pretending to "love" each other, with each talking of their great friendship. typical phony pols
our country has to come together. we have to start working with, and really liking, each other. the whole world is watching baltimore.
obama thinks he can just laugh off the fact that he refuses to release his records to the american public. he can't.
obama has no understanding of how to create jobs or opportunity. he believes in government.
jeb bush spent more than $40,000,000 in new hampshire to come in 4 or 5, i spent $3,000,000 to come in 1st. big difference in capability!
" @jeffjeffsc777 : mr trump can speak, the difference, he's actually speaking of real accomplishments of risk he's had to finance on his own!"
he is delusional: @barackobama believes that he is the 4th best potus ever.
give yourself a chance--make every day a discovery.
still waiting to hear from @billmaher . every day he dodges me is one less day that $5m is being used for charity.
“you have to be positive every single day. positive stamina is a necessary ingredient for success.” – think like a champion
@e_hig hi erica...and thanks.
stocks rose yesterday during the first day of government shutdown. markets like being left alone for a day.
“never give up on yourself.” – think big
thank you des moines, iowa! governor @mike_pence and i appreciate your support!
on my way to iowa. will be landing in des moines in two hours. see ya!
a great evening in iowa! thank you des moines area community college for a great forum!
the ultra liberal and seriously failing des moines register is begging my team for press credentials to my event in iowa today-but they lie!
new cnn iowa poll -- 33, cruz 20. everyone else way down! don't trust des moines register poll- biased towards trump!
the american people agree. no free pass for  !
. @heytammybruce - thank you for your nice words on fox today. they never use my full statements on nuclear, which you would agree with!
will be interviewed by @seanhannity tonight for the full hour. hope you enjoy it and, more importantly, hope you agree!
wow! @foxnews poll just came out.  with 26%! almost as importantly, i am the strongest on economic issues by far!
i hope bill clinton starts talking about women's issues so that voters can see what a hypocrite he is and how hillary abused those women!
. @vattenfallgroup will never solve the issues with the ministry of defense. besides, they smartly just left the project.
jeb bush is weak on illegal immigration, in favor of common core, bad on women's health issues and thinks the iraq war was a good thing.
thank you @donaldjtrumpjr . proud of you!
. @jasondhorowitz i am very proud of my sister, your story was terrific. thank you so much.
i am very proud of ivanka!
thank you - so nice.
@liljon @amdiabetesassn it was my honor, you're a great guy & your mother would be very proud of you.
we are stupidly paying iran billions of dollars that we should not be paying. why isn't this part of the nuclear negotiations? really dumb!
" @dannymartin2002 this is the greatest part of following donald trump. negotiations 101! loved the art of the deal." thanks
just sit back and watch, obamacare is such a disaster it will fall like a house of broken cards. the website is the best part of this mess!
i'll be discussing a variety of topics tonight with greta van susteren, 10 . on fox news. it will be the first of a two part series.
good news is that my campaign has perhaps more cash than any campaign in the history of politics- b/c i stand 100% behind everything we do.
" @woodardralph31 : @gene70 @macys we the people are so tired of all the guys talking the same old same donald will back up his words!!!!"
great news that @foxnews has cancelled the additional debate. how many times can the same people ask the same question? i beat cruz debating
...but interestingly, the same people seem to be lucky.
the  post @omarosa . will it ever be the same?
we, as a country, either have borders or we don't. if we don't have borders, we don't have a country!
make america great again!
make america great again! make america safe again!
we have to make america great again!
" @lee_richter : trump will make america safe again...he will make america legal again...he will make america great again!  usa"
thank you! we will make america great again!
the today show should call me about who to put on the show— i know more about people who get ratings than anyone.
during primetime of the iowa caucus, cruz put out a release that @realbencarson was quitting the race, and to caucus (or vote) for cruz.
go vote from now to 8:30 . nevada. i will be at various caucus sites. make america great again!
@tracypelota go for better location.
based on the fraud committed by senator ted cruz during the iowa caucus, either a new election should take place or cruz results nullified.
focus on your goals, not your problems. don't tread water. get out there and go for it.
we have got to take our country back. it's time!
people have got to stop working to be so politically correct and focus all of their energy on finding solutions to very complex problems!
economic growth can save social security, medicare and america.
i don't think obama will do well in the second debate--he is psyched out just like a-rod.
it’s amazing how people can talk about me but i’m not allowed to talk about them.
"the measure of who we are is what we do with what we have." --vince lombardi
we have to get tough with china before they destroy us.
when somebody challenges you, fight back -- be tough!
@richardroeper yes, you can't allow people to scam you & rip you off.
doing fox & friends at 7 .
fox & friends at 7.00
america is proud to stand shoulder-to-shoulder w/a free & ind uk. we stand together as friends, as allies, & as a people w/a shared history.
fox & friends, going on now - enjoy!
will be doing fox & friends at 7 - 2 minutes.
thank you to all of the men and women who have served our country. you are our true heroes!
to the brave men and women, past and present, in our armed services- best wishes on veterans day.
honor memorial day by thinking of and respecting all of the great men and women that gave their lives for us and our country! we love them.
our country is looking very bad right now!
am now in . will be going to the . iowa at 5:30 . to speak to our great veterans and other friends!
if people knew how hard i worked to get my mastery, it wouldn't seem so wonderful at all. -- michelangelo
"i love the lakers and when you love the lakers, you want them to win so badly that you will work tirelessly." - dr. jerry buss
the middle-class has worked so hard, are not getting the kind of jobs that they have long dreamed of - and no effective raise in years. bad
really interesting, president obama was quick to shut down flights to isreal but is totally unwilling to shut down flights from west africa!
no one wants the government to shut down, but if obamacare is fully implemented then our country will eventually shutdown anyway!
government is shut down yet obama is now harassing the privately owned @redskins to change its  needs to focus on his job!
bernie's exhausted, he just wants to shut down and go home to bed!
don't attack syria - an attack that will bring nothing but trouble for the . focus on making our country strong and great again!
“if we ever forget that we are one nation under god, then we will be a nation gone under.”- ronald reagan (feb. 6, 1911–june 5, 2004)
look what is happening to our country under the weak leadership of obama and people like crooked hillary clinton. we are a divided nation!
"change is the law of life. and those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the future." john f. kennedy
go out and vote--- this will be the most important election of our time!
make sure you get out and vote...most important election of our generation...go romney!
" @shawnslawns4u : @terrykimk93 @wsj this coming election is the most important presidential election in my lifetime vote for trump"
voting for @govgaryjohnson is voting for obama--don't waste your vote!
today is the first day of the rest of your life - make the most of it!
still time to get out and vote!
@forq2 are you making less than minimum wage, don't worry, the government will protect you. afraid to give your real name? you should be.
"if you love what you do, you are going to work harder, you are going to try harder and you will be better at it." - think big
with these record high gas prices, what does it say about obama that he was trying to brag about his energy policy in the debate?
@rocionavas make sure you love your business. you have to be passionate about it. focus on it 100%. go for it with everything you've got.
my wife, melania, will be on @qvc today @5 pm selling really beautiful jewelry at a very low price. perfect for mother’s day—call in!
who would you like to see on next season of  ? let us know- everyone wants to be on it.
the voter violation certificate gave poor marks to the unsuspecting voter(grade of f) and told them to clear it up by voting for cruz. fraud
"it doesn't matter who you vote for--it matters who is counting the votes." be careful of voter fraud!
no member of congress should be eligible for re-election if our country's budget is not balanced---deficits not allowed!
set the example. you can motivate others as well as yourself by remembering that you are setting the example.
entrepreneurs: set the example. you can motivate others as well as yourself by remembering you are setting the example.
entrepreneurs: set the example. you can motivate others as well as yourself by remembering that you are setting the example.
entrepreneurs: set the example, and you'll be a magnet for the right people. that's the best way to work with people you like.
“set the example, and you’ll be a magnet for the right people. that’s the best way to work with people you like.” – think like a champion
ellen is sadly having a hard time with her lines.
"he who demands little gets it." - ellen glasgow
in light of boston, immigration legislation will be much harder to get.
after climbing a great hill, one only finds that there are many more hills to climb. -- nelson mandela
last friday's immigration announcement by @barackobama is another short term solution to a larger problem. obama can't execute on the hill.
glad to see romneycare/obamacare architect gruber being eviscerated on the hill today. he should return all taxpayer money he was paid.
great poll numbers all over and beating hillary clinton one on one. thank you!
hillary clinton is not qualified to be president because her judgement has been proven to be so bad! would be four more years of stupidity!
thank you florida, ohio, and pennsylvania!  is not qualified.
crooked hillary clinton is totally unfit to be our president-really bad judgement and a temperament, according to new book, which is a mess!
" @johnnydollar01 : and people zinged donald trump for talking about ebola. how is this klain guy any more qualified?"actually, less qualified
" @nectarusafsm : @kyleraccio i want donald trump to be president. he knows business and people. he needs to be in the oval office, now."
where is the outrage for this disney book? is this the 'star of david' also? dishonest media!
@barackobama sold guns to the mexican drug cartels. they were used in the murders of americans . where is the outrage?
"if you want to be a success, you have to get used to frequently hearing the word no and ignoring it." - think big
" @chrissergeant : @thomas thanks for the endorsement but there's far more entertaining folk than me out there. there's donald trump for one."
when i said that hillary clinton got schlonged by obama, it meant got beaten badly. the media knows this. often used word in politics!
thank you west virginia!
great day in virginia. crowd was fantastic!
thank you oklahoma & virginia!
i was so looking forward to being in virginia beach, virginia, today. the demand for tickets was amazing. good luck with storm, back soon!
thank you richmond, virginia!
the media is so after me on women wow, this is a tough business. nobody has more respect for women than donald trump!
the  women totally blow away the victoria’s secret women!
...american cancer society, and the dana farber cancer center.
happy new year from  ! thank you to my great family for all of their support.
in presidential voting so far, john kasich is zero for 22. so why would he be a good candidate? hillary would beat him, i will beat hillary!
make sure to have fun and celebrate nye with friends and family. happy new year everyone!
entrepreneurs: we win in our daily lives by being careful with every day, every moment.
congress should be worried about american workers not people who came into our country by breaking our laws.
we are trying to fight isis, and now our own people are killing our police. our country is divided and out of control. the world is watching
i will bring our jobs back to the ., and keep our companies from leaving. nobody else can do it. our economy will "sing" again.
while @barackobama seeks to further destroy our credit, our economy continues to hemorrhage jobs. such a total failure---as a president.
you talk tough, mr. president, but have done nothing about china killing our jobs and economy.
"coming together is a beginning. keeping together is progress. working together is success." - henry ford
"coming together is a beginning; keeping together is progress; working together is success." -- henry ford
"empty pockets never held anyone back. only empty heads and empty hearts can do that." -- norman vincent peale
with allies like egypt and libya, who needs enemies?!
i don’t know why our allies are so surprised obama is tapping their phones? nothing changes!
does anybody really think that president obama didn't know about our spying on the leaders of allies around the world - not possible!
keystone must be approved. oil is at a record high. we need to use our resources and support allies like canada.
" @therealtommydel trump for president! tom brady as running mate?"
so, a woman in chicago, who never had a job, has 9 kids with 7 different men (she is one of many). these kids will never work. trouble!
. @wendywilliams thanks for the nice statement, especially about my wife and kids- very much appreciated.
we have to make the . rich again so that we can afford to pay social security, medicare,and medicaid and strong to keep our enemies out
if you think we have a problem with social security and medicare now, try taking in millions of new citizens all at once.
economic growth can save social security, medicare and america.
" @curtismuddog : @destiny @seanhannity jeb's! whole campaign is fueled by lies. just like his brother lied about iraq. bush dynasty=lies"
obama told his donors this past week “public opinion” is on his side. don't believe that one either.
congratulations to @barackobama --he is the first potus to run trillion dollar deficits in all four years of his term!
the delegates at the @dnc convention keep shouting "four more years." four more years of 18% real unemployment and another $6t in debt?
"you have to love what you do or you are never going to be successful no matter what you do in life.” - think big
"you have to love what you do or you are never going to be successful no matter what you do in life." - think big
“you have to keep going and moving forward, no matter what is happening around you or to you.” – think like a champion
" @backontrackusa . what a dysfunctional administration when illegal aliens get free & better medical care then our veterans. what a disgrace.
over 2 million people have lost their jobs since @barackobama became potus. how many of them still have healthcare?
i have created tens of thousands of jobs and will bring back great american prosperity. hillary has only created jobs at the fbi and doj!
why hasn't obama created jobs?
7 million americans are going to lose their jobs due to obamacare. 46 million face 300% premium increases. defund!
. @mittromney will create 2 million new jobs if elected potus. if reelected, @barackobama will create over $12t in new debt. easy choice.
i’ll be doing @piersmorgan show tonight on cnn at 9 pm. will be very interesting. (i hope!)
i'll be doing fox and friends this morning at seven.
i will be doing @foxandfriends at 8.00 .
be passionate--you have to love what you're doing to be successful at it.
i'll be on @foxandfriends on monday at 7:30 am...
" @catspolitics : some of us never stopped ignoring him. rt @slate : only the really smart one's never stopped.!
obama is making speeches excoriating the republicans, and they never answer back. why aren’t they fighting?
" @pctech181 : for american prosperity, now and for our children's children, there is only one choice. donald trump for president 2016-24."
why are we fighting for the "rebels" that hate us-only to save face for obama!
crooked hillary has been fighting isis, or whatever she has been doing, for years. now she has new ideas. it is time for change.
total misnomer to call obamacare ‘the affordable care act.’ affordable for whom besides big businesses & congress w/their exemptions?
we have a sacred duty to care for our vets and their families. veterans deserve universal access to care anywhere and anytime!
" @gopjenna : "i don't care about the game, i care about the people." and that's exactly why we the people love you so much!  "
is the boston killer eligible for obama care to bring him back to health?
he is working hard and for that he must be given credit!
@michaelpmulhall @cnbc i don't think he can!
" @stonezipper : @stephenfhayes donald trump if he stops running for president he's not what we the people think he is." will never happen!
carl icahn said this about me: "i think at this moment in time, he’s the only candidate that speaks out about the country’s problems."
"@blindtothetruth trump is polling well because he speaks his mind. not like some of the career politicians he's running against. cowards."
i will stand with police and protect all americans!
if you think we have a problem with social security and medicare now, try taking in millions of new citizens all at once.
obama once said he “would be ignoring the law” by granting amnesty through executive action. now he’s about to do it. what will congress do?
congress should be worried about american workers not people who came into our country by breaking our laws.
china is threatening washington over the currency bill. we should pass it immediately.
hillary clinton is taking the day off again, she needs the rest. sleep well hillary - see you at the debate!
the crowd at the book signing at trump tower in nyc right now...
hillary clinton spokesperson admitted that their was no isis video of me. therefore, hillary lied at the debate last night. sad!
crooked hillary clinton- discussing the  at a private event.  cc: @nra
crooked hillary clinton knew everything that her "servant" was doing at the dnc - they just got caught, that's all! they laughed at bernie.
hillary clinton is weak on illegal immigration, among many other things. she is strong on corruption - corruption is what she's best at!
@ron_fournier actually, i like you!
looks like @omarosa is up to the challenge.
keep wednesday morning free. you will want to see this!
who would you most like to see win  ?
"sometimes the best thing you can do is just let things ride, let time go by." donald j. trump
" @tuggers56 : @pmgeezer hillary is so afraid of him. the gop is afraid of him. the american people embrace him! let's elect him, donaldtrump
" @theusalifestyle : @gop   (it will happen) gop must support donald trump    "
" @veteran4trump : vets for a strong america endorses donald trump for president; "we've endorsed him, we believe in him"
" @jacquelynileneh : rt @teamhealthnut: donald trump by mac miller will always be a hit." i agree!
... the republicans just didn’t resonate with the people—but they will have better days.
who are your favorites on team power? team plan b?
what team would you choose to win?
" @pauladuvall2 : cruz will say anything that is contrary to what you have to say. if you're for motherhood, he'll be against it!"
the losing team is now back in boardroom. i can't discuss the team members or what's going on or what happens from here on out.
" @apprenticenbc : by the way — you will not want to miss  next week on  . that's all we're gonna say."
hillary clinton is taking the day off again, she needs the rest. sleep well hillary - see you at the debate!
the crowd at the book signing at trump tower in nyc right now...
hillary clinton spokesperson admitted that their was no isis video of me. therefore, hillary lied at the debate last night. sad!
crooked hillary clinton- discussing the  at a private event.  cc: @nra
crooked hillary clinton knew everything that her "servant" was doing at the dnc - they just got caught, that's all! they laughed at bernie.
discussing  with @ericbolling on @foxnews back on 10/3/2015.
taxpayers are paying a fortune for the use of air force one on the campaign trail by president obama and crooked hillary. a total disgrace!
just said at  that "politicians are all talk and no action and we are all tired of it! we need action and results to move forward!"
" @yankeerunnerlv :please please please give strong and serious consideration running in 2016 and saving this country. u have my vote
can you imagine a canadian company developing our website? terrible way to put americans back to work.
" @carrillo_pete :  america great again. we need a outsider to bring class and discernment back to our nation. we need  "
south carolina voters have the future of our country in their hands. vote now (today), and make america great again!
we have got to take our country back. it's time!
" @valetasue57 @greta @foxnews like trump more & more everyday, he is saying what we all need to hear & understand, he loves usa"
excited to announce that @giulianarancic & @bravoandy will be hosting the 2012 miss universe pageant. great ratings for miss universe.
my friend, @ariemanuel of @img , bought the miss universe pageants from me and they are on tonight on  ! tune in!
. @barackobama bowed to the saudi king in public--yet the dems are questioning @mittromney 's diplomatic skills.
the . must immediately stop all flights from ebola infected countries or the plague will start and spread inside our "borders." act fast!
" @popularposters : our country needs a president that knows how to protect our constitution and a president that leads speaks the truth"
fast and furious gun running goes all the way to the white house. we need answers now!
i like mexico and love the spirit of mexican people, but we must protect our borders from people, from all over, pouring into the .
there is no substitute for private sector experience.
"there is no substitute for hard work." --thomas edison
"in war there is no substitute for victory." -- douglas macarthur
i am the best builder, just look at what i've built. hillary can't build. republican candidates can't build. they don't have a clue!
i would absolutely kill jon stewart(?) in a debate - it would be no contest - he's not fast enough or smart enough (only obnoxious enough!).
when i look at all of the money the special interests and lobbyists are giving to candidates, beware - the candidates are mere puppets $$$$!
. @rushlimbaugh is right—the republicans lost because they weren’t conservative enough—or tough enough.
“dem candidates are all folks who vote with me.” – barack obama describing all democrat senate candidates
the water damage to nyc is amazing. the winds were bad but the water was worse.
entrepreneurs: don't tread water. get out there and go for it.
don't tread water. get out there and go for it. there's nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface.
we cannot solve our problems with the same thinking we used when we created them. -- albert einstein
so many major problems for the ., and no answers by our leaders. when will it all change? many of our difficulties are so easy to solve!
 @sheveeta : can't think of a better candidate.  trump
“you owe it to yourself and to your community to make your property the best it can be.” – think like a billionaire
we still have not learned the full truth on benghazi. four americans were killed. congress must act!
hillary clinton surged the trade deficit with china 40% as secretary of state, costing americans millions of jobs.
isis gained tremendous strength during hillary clinton's term as secretary of state. when will the dishonest media report the facts!
entrepreneurs: be prepared and be tough. cover your bases! there are a lot of ups and downs, but you can ride them out if you're prepared.
our incompetent secretary of state, hillary clinton, was the one who started talks to give 400 million dollars, in cash, to iran. scandal!
“always be prepared to start.” - joe montana
at the request of many- i will be doing live tweets during the next presidential debate.
clear winner of the  . thank you for your support!
it was really strange when hillary was missing from the podium last night. not very presidential!
thank you, so many people have given me credit for winning the debate last night. all polls agree. it was fun and interesting!
the endorsement of me by the 16,500 border patrol agents was the first time that they ever endorsed a presidential candidate. nice!
if jon stewart is so above it all & legit, why did he change his name from jonathan leibowitz? he should be proud of his heritage!
young entrepreneurs should always remember that if you do not promote yourself, no one else will!
" @sirmikeadams : why would trump run for president? he likes to be able to get things done, government doesn't. it can all change!
if you don't believe in yourself, no one else will.
....that has served our country is put on a waiting list and gets no care.
if jon stewart is so above it all & legit, why did he change his name from jonathan leibowitz? he should be proud of his heritage!
" @continuum9112 : wouldn't life as the president of the greatest country in the world be pretty boring compared to your life?" interesting!
the only job @barackobama cares about is his own. everything he does is for his own reelection.
i will be on @foxandfriends monday morning at 7.00. a lot to talk about!
the stage is set for the real debate--it will be very interesting!
. @colincowherd said such nice things about me during the debate that i thought i'd do his show, @theherd , on monday (2:30pm est).
at the debate, the president kept talking of what he is going to do. i kept saying, why didn't he do it? he lost me a long time ago.
obama at big debate disadvantage--he just can't get away from his bad record.
china is a threat to america. they are not our friend.
the iran deal poses a direct national security threat. it must be stopped in congress. stand up republicans!
our worst threat to unemployment is @obamacare . it will also destroy our country's basic standards.
the debt is our nation's greatest threat. @barackobama is out of touch.
the greatest threat to our security is our debt. it is already past 100% gdp. we need to make real budget cuts.
president obama missed the deadline!
we, as a country, either have borders or we don't. if we don't have borders, we don't have a country!
" @dcfoodsafety : mr. trump you're the candidate that we have been waiting for you tell it real and you will get it done you have my vote!"
sugar @lord_sugar why don't you tell the public what you're really worth--they would be very disappointed.
how do you take care of our people if you don't make anything? we don't make anything. we are rapidly losing our manufacturing to china etc.
" @jaredwyand : let's be clear..  is about "never someone we don't own" you either play into it & let them win or vote trump.
make sure to vote today. vote for real change. change that will deliver jobs and a free & strong america. vote for @mittromney .
new hampshire vote today - make america great again!
the today show should call me about who to put on the show— i know more about people who get ratings than anyone.
just did howard stern show-great time. now doing the today show with ivanka. enjoy!
" @_bri : this is the first election i'll be able to vote, and my vote goes to trump because i want to live in a great country!  "
obama still refuses to stop the flights. is he stubborn or just plain incompetent - i say both!
" @isaacnewyorker : i said when trump ran for president i was gonna be the happiest man on earth,when he wins,all americans will be  "
remember this: obama wants to raise taxes, @mittromney wants to lower taxes--need i say more!
@jonkarl interviews me on this week during which time he stated that he was "pretty sure" president obama was born in the . bad question!
crooked hillary refuses to say that she will be raising taxes beyond belief! she will be a disaster for jobs and the economy!
hillary clinton is weak on illegal immigration, among many other things. she is strong on corruption - corruption is what she's best at!
is supreme court justice ruth bader ginsburg going to apologize to me for her misconduct? big mistake by an incompetent judge!
red line statement was a disaster for president obama.
judy garland was much better, to put it mildly!
“always remember: dress for the job you want, not the job you have.” – think like a billionaire
the new job figures don't include 315,000 people who have given up looking for jobs.
. @stephenfhayes : i heard you were a joke on the media panel this weekend in new hampshire. you just don't have what it takes! @joenbc
follow @trumpnh for all the updates on my new hampshire political activities. looking forward to returning to the granite state on may 14!
don't believe the biased and phony media quoting people who work for my campaign. the only quote that matters is a quote from me!
i said that crooked hillary clinton is "not qualified" to be president because she has "very bad judgement" - bernie said the same thing!
hillary clinton is not qualified to be president because her judgement has been proven to be so bad! would be four more years of stupidity!
"go with your gut. take chances. if you think you have the ingredients that you need, take chances, because your biggest successes...
thank you for having me this morning @americanlegion . i enjoyed my time with everyone!
why did clinton supporter @alisonforky declare crooked hillary winner in ky when ap hasn't even called the race?
congratulations to @mariabartiromo on her big move to @foxbusiness . she is a total winner!
fact – every successful gop senate candidate just elected ran on repealing obamacare. in january, it’s time to move!
we are trying to fight isis, and now our own people are killing our police. our country is divided and out of control. the world is watching
" @jeniferstevens : someone needs to start ramping up the dialogue about all this.... i nominate you and would vote for you in a hearbeat"
we have got to take our country back. it's time!
the freezing cold weather across the country is brutal. must be all that global warming.
it’s sad that the wh is punishing children from across the country by closing all tours. doesn’t have to be. wh should take my offer.
politicians are all talk, no action! --- just look at our country.
"i have so much admiration and respect for the 2.4 million men and women of our armed forces."
today is armed forces day. thank you  to our military service members! i love you all!
the new york times should never have moved out of their magnificent, original home...
the most stringent gun laws in the . happen to be in chicago - and look what is happening there!
shouldn't there have been increased security at our embassies on the anniversary of 9/11?
shouldn’t george will have to give a disclaimer every time he is on fox that his wife works for scott walker?
. @foxnews you shouldn’t have @karlrove on the air—he’s a clown with zero credibility—a bushy!
" @bobd746847 : there shouldn't be a problem with this election. "we the people" finally have someone that speaks on our behalf. trump-2016"
individual commitment to a group effort is what makes a team work, a company work, a society work, a civilization work. -- vince lombardi
our prayers are with rev. @billygraham for a speedy recovery. his faith continues to inspire us all.
together, we will make america safe and great again!
thank you for your support! we will make america safe and great again!
thank you washington! together, we will make america safe and great again!
the situation with russia is much more dangerous than most people may think - and could lead to world war iii. we need great leadership fast
we need a president who isn't a laughing stock to the entire world. we need a truly great leader, a genius at strategy and winning. respect!
i will be live tweeting during the debate tonight.
isis gained tremendous strength during hillary clinton's term as secretary of state. when will the dishonest media report the facts!
i will be live tweeting during tonight's  9 pm et @nbc
i will be live tweeting during the @apprenticenbc tonight at 9pm et.
live tweeting during tonight's vp debate...should be a great time
it would be nice if our commander-in-chief was as concerned for our veterans health as he is for illegal immigrants becoming citizens.
more poll results from last nights commander-in-chief forum.
thank you to our fantastic veterans. the reviews and polls from almost everyone of my commander-in-chief presentation were great. nice!
let’s see what happens in the boardroom…
i'm eagerly awaiting the next polls. the debate performance could be devastating to the obama team. let's see what happens.
hillary's wars in the middle east have unleashed destruction, terrorism and isis across the world.
our national security starts at the border. do you think isis & al-qaeda are just in the middle east?
the club for growth said in their ad that 465 delegates (cruz) plus 143 delegates (kasich) is more than my 739 delegates. try again!
time  poll - over 800,000 votes. thank you!
in bangladesh, hostages were immediately killed by isis terrorists if they were unable to cite a verse from the koran. 20 were killed!
we better get tough with radical islamic terrorists, and get tough now, or the life and safety of our wonderful country will be in jeopardy!
time for the first firing of the night.
“if you plan for the worst – if you can live with the worst – the good will always take care of itself.” – the art of the deal
today is the first day of the rest of your life - make the most of it!
"the measure of who we are is what we do with what we have." --vince lombardi
...if you plan for the worst—if you can live with the worst—the good will always take care of itself.
my list of potential . supreme court justices was very well recieved. during the next number of weeks i may be adding to the list!
i will be meeting with the nra, who has endorsed me, about not allowing people on the terrorist watch list, or the no fly list, to buy guns.
the time magazine list of the 100 most influential people is a joke and stunt of a magazine that will, like newsweek,soon be dead. bad list!
who are your favorites on team power? team plan b?
" @wpayton344 : @paulmanafort great interview on cnn-being from ct- i am thrilled you are part of this team-go trump!"
" @dcfoodsafety : mr. trump you're the candidate that we have been waiting for you tell it real and you will get it done you have my vote!"
please tell me what is going on with the republicans?
" @mark_brown_pe : a great man once said "don't tell me how hard a job is going to be, tell me how hard it was, when you are finished!"
" @deanpreston76 : time for you to tell @barackobama 'you're fired!'.  we need someone who loves america in office!"
" @belllabooo13 : @foxandfriends mr trump glad to hear you say we are going to make this country great again! your honest you tell it like it"
the @mittromney fundraiser last night was a tremendous success.
when will @barackobama release an actual budget?
when will @barackobama present an actual budget? enough with the games.
entrepreneurs: success is good. success with significance is even better. work on what you will be proud to be associated with.
entrepreneurs: success is good. success with significance is even better.
my prayers and condolences to the victims and families of the terrible tragedy in nice, france. we are with you in every way!
“the way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.” - walt disney
“the way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.” – walt disney
today is my birthday. my wish is for our country to be great and prosperous again.
i hope corrupt hillary clinton chooses goofy elizabeth warren as her running mate. i will defeat them both.
" @therealtommydel trump for president! tom brady as running mate?"
the worst thing hillary could do is have her husband campaign for her. just watch.
make sure to catch my appearance today on @katieshow at 3 pm. @katiecouric filmed the episode from her home.
= obama's third term, which would be terrible news for our economic growth - seen below.
"so, if iran is going to take over the oil, i say we take over the oil first by hammering out a cost-sharing plan with iraq."
rosie is back on the view which tells you how desperate they must be. it is the standard short term fix and long term disaster.
if obamacare is not repealed then we can expect stagnant growth, long term unemployment and record high premiums.
entrepreneurs: don't put blinders on or limit yourself. reach out, seek and explore. the opportunities are always there.
re: success-- don't put blinders on and do not limit yourself; reach out, seek and explore. think big at all times.
many people have been asking me to answer questions. you can ask me questions at any time.
it is very sad to see what @barackobama has done with nasa. he has gutted the program and made us dependent on the russians.
the republican platform is most pro-israel of all time!
" @cevazzulia : you have to think anyway, so why not think big? donald trump." so true!
"@markpryceagee: i believe donald trump would be the best candidate to run for president under the republican party.  " i do also!
dopey sugar @lord_sugar you should thank me for having created the platform on which you became known--the apprentice. say thank you donald
what do you think so far?
celebrated doctor @billcassidy will be a tremendous senator. louisiana – send a conservative to the senate, vote for bill this november!
republicans and democrats have both created our economic problems.
we always make sure to have great nyc locations for the task delivery.
“luck does not come around often. so when it does, be sure to take full advantage of it, even if it means working hard." think big
never ever quit, never give up  j. trump, the art of the deal.
while the @yankees look like they quit and are finished, they won't quit for cc
“i believe in spending what you have to. but i also believe in not spending more than you should.” - the art of the deal
"i believe in spending what you have to. but i also believe in not spending more than you should."-the art of the deal
lyin' crooked hillary's email stories all have one thing in common.
thank you for all of your support! let's  !
instinct has a lot to do with timing. you have to be patient & wait for your instincts to tell you the best time to make your move.
@crazymom28 i have a friend that wants to meet your sister.
entrepreneurs: do your best to your utmost ability every day. make that your standard.
thank you for your support!
. @repchriscollins chris, thank you so much for your wonderful endorsement. i will not let you down! @cnn
thank you to the governor of florida, rick scott, for your endorsement. i greatly appreciate your support!
thank you for your wonderful endorsement today @tgowdysc . it means a great deal to me. we will not disappoint!
thank you for all of your support! let's  !
the reason ed schultz said nice things about me is that i’m the only repub who won't cut social security, etc. i’ll make america rich again!
huckabee is a nice guy but will never be able to bring in the funds so as not to cut social security, medicare & medicaid. i will.
wapo attack on alleged high school incidents by @mittromney is a hit job to me. where are @barackobama 's high school and college records?
put kathleen sebelius out of her misery and lovingly say, you're fired! let her go home to her family and rest. bring in top flight people!
the worst thing hillary could do is have her husband campaign for her. just watch.
“the only way to do great work is to love what you do. if you haven’t found it yet, keep looking. don’t settle.” – steve jobs
“you can have the most wonderful product in the world, but if people don’t know about it, it’s not worth much.” - the art of the deal
@mittromney has won the most delegates, received the most votes and won the most states. the primary is over. time to defeat @barackobama .
the world economic forum now ranks the us the fifth most competitive economy in the world. we have fallen from first under @barackobama .
" @lifesanthem @trumpvancouver good news. 1 of the most exciting people coming to 1 of the most exciting cities in the world!" a great place!
i have traveled the world. america is the most beautiful country on earth.
. @ewanshearer happy birthday
@scottlara1961 have a happy birthday.
"change is the law of life. and those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the future." john f. kennedy
“most of the time you will need to work hard and stay focused to get to the top – and then work even harder to stay there.” -think big
happy thanksgiving to all. have a great day and look forward to the future. we will make america great again!
i try to learn from the past, but i plan for the future by focusing exclusively on the present. that's where the fun is!
"i try to learn from the past, but i plan for the future by focusing exclusively on the present. that's where the fun is." ~donald trump"
on @fallontonight with @jimmyfallon at 11:30 pm. enjoy!
will be on @fallontonight with @jimmyfallon on @nbc at 11:35pme. enjoy!
amazing crowd outside @fallontonight . tune in tonight at 11:30.
will be joining @jimmyfallon on @fallontonight at 11:35pme tonight. enjoy!
" @sharp_trident : @therealryder trump is looking like the next potus, especially after watching the  that had no substance."
well, obama refused to say (he just can't say it), that we are at war with radical islamic terrorists.
in order to get elected, @barackobama will start a war with iran.
it is truly amateur hour at the white house - and this is why we should not be doing the "war thing" right now!
as i predicted long ago, the war in iraq was a disaster for the . heading for civil war, there are bombings all over the  happy
can you believe that the afghan war is our “longest war” ever—bring our troops home, rebuild the ., make america great again.
word is that crying @glennbeck left the gop and doesn't have the right to vote in the republican primary. dumb as a rock.
i (we) broke the all-time record for most votes gotten in a republican primary - by a lot - and with many states left to go! thank you.
the polling numbers show a close race. @mittromney needs all of our support.
very excited to be returning to iowa tomorrow to campaign for my friend & strong conservative leader @stevekingia !
on my way to dayton, ohio. will be there soon!
" @yankeerunnerlv : tonight is perfect time for . to announce he's running for  let america know help is on way   "
very excited to be addressing the @repleadconf next friday in new orleans. there is much to discuss!
on my way to iowa- just received new national poll numbers. thank you!
celebrity apprentice on tonight - cnbc at 9
celebrity apprentice on cnbc tonight at 9.
i will be on @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00. enjoy!
two people fired very early on celebrity apprentice tonight at 9 leading up to next weeks live finale. don't get angry at me tonight!
. @judgejeanine tonight at 9 . on @foxnews - enjoy!
price gouging at many gas stations, $10 a gallon--welcome to the new world.
thank you for all of your support! let's  !
it’s important to promote an image of yourself each and every day. it’s part of having a sense of self and a sense of purpose.
hillary will never reform wall street. she is owned by wall street!
jobs report is really bad - beyond the worst  bad day on wall street!
crooked hillary is spending big wall street money on ads saying i don't have foreign policy experience, yet look what her policies have done
@beanann wall street journal & lots of others, including television.
the @wsj wall street journal loves to write badly about me. they better be careful or i will unleash big time on them. look forward to it!
...it's called intellectual property rights, something they know nothing about.
will barack obama personally read the boston terrorist his miranda rights?
when isis caught the soldiers, do you think they read them their legal rights prior to executing them?
why are some more concerned with granting terrorist rights than protecting innocent americans?
. @oreillyfactor the people of iowa love the fact that i stuck up for my rights, as i will do for the . also got $6,000,000 for our vets!
" @dan__crocker : @foxandfriends trump opens his mouth, his numbers go up. when hillary does it, hers go down. must be something to it."
the onus of the chicago teachers' strike falls squarely on the teachers & their union. inexcusable to leave children without school.
great job once again by law enforcement! we are proud of them and should embrace them - without them, we don't have a country!
teachers in chicago should go back to work  emanuel has offered them a fair deal. now they're just acting for the cameras.
we only want to admit those who love our people and support our values.
& together we will  ! thank you for your support!
sometimes your best investments are the ones you don't make!
sometimes your best investments are the ones you don't make.
always remember, sometimes your best investments are the ones you don't make!
"sometimes your best investments are the ones you don't make." the art of the deal
" @motivationideas : sometimes your best investments are the ones you don't make. ~ donald trump"
"@kencee11: we need you to run for potus. we need a real american, one with the same values that built this country.. go trump 2016 !"
just made the point at  that "we have to protect our border & i think everyone here knows, nobody can build a wall like trump!"
" @phickeyma : we need you for potus because there's a whole lot of people in washington who need to hear the words you're fired!"
" @roniseale : the american people deserve a wall to protect our jobs, economy and our safety. i am the only candidate who would build it."
the . needs to protect our intelligence assets, especially in china. if the chinese want to spy on us, then we need to return the favor.
jeb, why did your brother attack and destabalize the middle east by attacking iraq when there were no weapons of mass destruction? bad info?
it’s a shame the ruling class of republicans don’t attack obama and the democrats the way they hit senators cruz & lee.
" @carrillo_pete :  america great again. we need a outsider to bring class and discernment back to our nation. we need  "
we are going to bring steel and manufacturing back to indiana!
. @mystikangel bring @johnrich back? he is back!
can you imagine, with all of the talk about obamacare, technical breakdowns made it a disastrous day. our government is badly broken!
we have got to take our country back. it's time!
despite all of china's cheating, they are not doing that well--we can beat them--our country has great potential!
thank you for your support!
with all of the crooked hillary clinton's foreign policy experience, she has made so many mistakes - and i mean real monsters! no more hrc.
where’s the electability? jeb is losing to hrc by 13 points. a bush will never beat a clinton. wake up @gop !
" @malachinorris : donald j. trump is the very definition of the american success story. through trump we can bring back the american dream."
today’s assignment: read chapter 7 ‘trump tower: the tiffany location’ of the art of the deal. focus on how i marketed the property.
with great patriots in mason city who also want to bring the american dream back! we can make america great again!
give america back its dream! - j. trump
welcome to twitter, @melaniatrump !
today @barackobama is in ohio on a bus tour. tomorrow pennsylvania. how about actually running the country?
thank you florida, ohio, and pennsylvania!  is not qualified.
thank you new york, and pennsylvania!
in tampa, florida- thank you to all of our outstanding volunteers who want to  !
many of hillary’s donors are the same donors as jeb bush’s—all rich, will have total control—know them well.
thank you ohio - see you tonight!
by self-funding my campaign, i am not controlled by my donors, special interests or lobbyists. i am only working for the people of the .!
what priorities -- we have over 20% real unemployment and no growth.
thank you marco, i agree!
putin is not feeling too nervous or scared.
thanks for all of the accolades on my speech today - it's all about the truth!
@alancravey that is something to think about, isn't it!
hillary will never reform wall street. she is owned by wall street!
john kasich, despite being governor of ohio, is losing to me in the ohio polls. pathetic!
why is president obama allowed to use air force one on the campaign trail with crooked hillary? she is flying with him tomorrow. who pays?
my fellow tea party friends in ohio--make sure you take advantage of early voting so you can gotv election day. know you can! must win ohio.
thank you ohio - see you tonight!
ohio ch voted for nafta, from which ohio has never recovered. now he wants tpp, which will be even worse. ohio steel and coal dying!
head of air force's anti-sexual assault unit arrested for sexual assault! it just seems that our country is not what it used to be.
be passionate--you have to love what you're doing to be successful at it.
entrepreneurs: be passionate--you have to love what you're doing to be successful at it.
entrepreneurs: be passionate. you have to love what you're doing to be successful at it.
“if you don't have time to do it right, when will you have time to do it over?” - john wooden
“a failure or setback is not a defeat. defeat is a state of mind. you are defeated only when you accept defeat.” – think big
yesterday the white house claimed its isis strategy is a 'success.' tell that to the christians being beheaded. we need to hit isis hard!
you have no idea what my strategy on isis is, and neither does isis (a good thing). please get your facts straight - thanks. @megynkelly
dems don't want to talk isis b/c hillary's foreign interventions unleashed isis & her refugee plans make it easier for them to come here.
the media must immediately stop calling isis leaders "masterminds." call them instead thugs and losers. young people must not go into isis!
wow, i have just exceeded 2 million followers--and in such a short time!
remember, go vote--we need real change this time.
" @johnny4arizona : dream debate 4  clinton vs trump: trump would be fired up, and hillary would be not hired !!!  "
" @piersmorgan : donald trump vs hillary clinton would be the greatest presidential battle in history."
how does this cast look to you? pretty amazing.
clear winner of the  . thank you for your support!
@kennethhazlett an answer would not be pretty!
happy birthday to my wonderful daughter, @ivankatrump .
happy birthday @ivankatrump ! you are an amazing daughter!
for all who have been asking, my mother was a great beauty and a wonderful person. here we are with my father-
north carolina is a fantastic state with wonderful people. i enjoy my time there when i visit trump national charlotte.
congratulations to my daughter ivanka and her husband jared on the birth of their daughter arabella rose yesterday.
people ask about @amandatmiller . she is actually a vp of marketing at the trump organization.
success requires 100% effort and 100% focus. nothing less.
crooked hillary clinton is 100% owned by her donors.
very sad that republican donors were targeted by obama’s irs.
entrepreneurs: realize that success requires 100% effort and 100% focus. nothing less.
i've realized that success requires 100% effort and 100% focus. nothing less.
make sure you get out and vote...most important election of our generation...go romney!
governor rick perry said "donald trump is one of the most talented people running for the presidency i've ever seen." thank you rick!
" @mikeliberation : this is the best reaction shot i've ever seen lol  "
@clstromgren many people have said that.
i said that crooked hillary clinton is "not qualified" to be president because she has "very bad judgement" - bernie said the same thing!
after all is said and done, more is said than done. -- aesop
sec of state kerry said we would not go back to iraq. we shouldn’t, but he should not have said that. so stupid!
the failing @nytimes , which never spoke to me, keeps saying that i am saying to advisers that i will change. false, i am who i am-never said
did you agree with my decision?
thank you marco, i agree!
do you agree with the client's decision?
. @traceadkins says @joan_rivers is a gem. i agree. we all agree.
. @alexsalmond rt @islandbluenose you'll be doing us in scotland a great service if you win. good luck.
going to ohio, home of one of the worst presidential candidates in history--kasich. can't debate, loves  --dummy!
mitt romney, who was one of the dumbest and worst candidates in the history of republican politics, is now pushing me on tax returns. dope!
" @piersmorgan : donald trump vs hillary clinton would be the greatest presidential battle in history."
good move by bernie s.
me, by a lot!
" @123jayne : that's our president! that's why we need you to run in 2016! i know you would never waste our money! president trump"
"to have a government we can afford we need to eliminate the tremendous waste clogging the system"
hillary clinton said that it is . to ban muslims from israel by building a wall, but not . to do so in the . we must be vigilant!
we should be able to negotiate a deal with iran because they know we could blow them away to the stone  just don't believe we would.
more poll results from last nights commander-in-chief forum.
if any candidate believes that with what we know today we still should have invaded iraq then they are unqualified to be commander-in-chief.
final poll results from nbc on last nights commander-in-chief forum. thank you!
"@jak00seven: if you like how @hillaryclinton handled  , then you'll just her as commander-in-chief  "
obama can attend a fundraiser every day but can’t be bothered to get briefed on national security. commander-in-chief?!
thank you to all of the men and women who have served our country. you are our true heroes!
remember our brave men & women who have fallen protecting our country this memorial day!
what took so long to catch only 1 of the benghazi terrorists? especially after the killer has been taunting the us in the press f/2 yrs.
the only people who are not interested in being the . pick are the people who have not been asked!
" @joenbc : cruz really seems out of his element in new hampshire. it is such a different battlefield then iowa and the south."
"if you can't say great things about yourself, who do you think will?" - think like a champion
thank you @megynkelly for the nice things you said about melania. you will like her, great heart and smart - always wanting to help people!
what can you learn today that you didn't know before? set the bar high -- do the best you possibly can.
great that pres. o is seeing @mittromney today—lots of good things can happen.
in hillary clinton's america - things get worse.
" @lukebrinker : one year from today.  "
one year ago i started calling president obama incompetent and people thought it was too tough. tonight everyone is using that word!
happy new year everyone...it will be an interesting one!
. @mcilroyrory what a year it has been for you -- and this weekend topped it off. fantastic job, see u at doral.
thank you arizona! 20,000 amazing supporters! get out and  on tuesday. i love you!
thank you alabama! 32,000 supporters tonight. get out & vote on tuesday! we will make america great again!
while hillary said horrible things about my supporters, and while many of her supporters will never vote for me, i still respect them all!
thank you- tucson, arizona! a great afternoon with 6,000 supporters!  on tuesday!
still time to get out and vote!
we cannot solve our problems with the same thinking we used when we created them. -- albert einstein
republicans remember—debt ceiling, debt ceiling, debt ceiling—be smart and you will win!
i guess i have reached yet another "ceiling" - 49.7%, with four people. my highest reuters poll yet! thank you!
"the biggest doers often suffer the biggest setbacks in life...
hillary clinton made a speech today using the biggest teleprompter i have ever seen. in fact, it wasn't even see through glass, it was black
the fans are going to love the tasks in the upcoming 13th season of all star @celebapprentice . the biggest yet!
obama just said @mittromney was "a very successful investor"--- big mistake for obama to admit- he has less and less credibility.
@barackobama has already added $5 trillion to the national debt in less than 3 years. we must defeat him in 2012.
hillary clinton is a major national security risk. not presidential material!
between libya, the national security leaks and fast & furious, obama has had more national security scandals than any other president.
our country has to come together. we have to start working with, and really liking, each other. the whole world is watching baltimore.
" @snoburd : here's an idea: why don't donaldtrump and @mittromney run on the same ticket, instead of running against each other?" no thanks!
we are one nation. when one hurts, we all hurt. we must all work together-to lift each other up.
we are one nation. when one state hurts, we all hurt. we must all work together - to lift each other up.
thank you! together we will  !
it’s amazing how people can talk about me but i’m not allowed to talk about them.
thank you for a great afternoon, south carolina! see you next tuesday!
i'm looking forward to seeing you all this afternoon at macy's herald square. 5:30 pm at the crystal department on 8.
i will be on @foxandfriends at 7.30 .
a great afternoon in tampa, florida. thank you!
i will be on @foxandfriends this morning at 8:30. enjoy!
a really bad night for president obama. now the republicans have to get together and get the job done!
“get in. get it done. get it done right. get out.” – fred c. trump (my father!)
“get in. get it done. get it done right. get out.” – my father, fred c. trump
my father's 4 step formula for success: "get in, get it done, get it done right, and get out." -- fred c. trump
 @rajeevsamtani : get in, get it done, get it done right & get out  trump actually, told to me by my father, fred trump.
thank you new hampshire!
thank you, new hampshire!
new hampshire is a critical state for both candidates this year. i got to know new hampshire and love it.
new hampshire vote today - make america great again!
thank you to the people of new hampshire, i love you! now, off to south carolina.
. @piersmorgan and @omarosa really hate each other.
we are one nation. when one hurts, we all hurt. we must all work together-to lift each other up.
we are one nation. when one state hurts, we all hurt. we must all work together - to lift each other up.
. @rnc leadership should not be afraid of a government shutdown. they should be afraid of not defunding obamacare.
i laugh when i see marco rubio and jeb bush pretending to "love" each other, with each talking of their great friendship. typical phony pols
thanks for all of the great support but i just don't see myself wanting to run for governor of new york - i have something else in mind!
i think that both candidates, crooked hillary and myself, should release detailed medical records. i have no problem in doing so! hillary?
“how much money can you stand to lose? that’s how much risk you should assume.” – think like a billionaire
maybe obama should donate my $5m to the families of the 17 who have lost loved ones during the storm?
buy at the point of maximum pessimism; sell at the point of maximum optimism. -- sir john templeton
doesn't want to remove assad - worries what comes next.
“do not underestimate yourself, and know you are able to handle what comes your way.” – think like a champion
he @ricksantorum wants to decide what books people can read, what movies they can see.  it doesn't work that way!
. @cnn is all negative when it comes to me. i don't watch it anymore.
thank you marco, i agree!
did you agree with my decision?
tweet me your questions for the next  ....
. @traceadkins says @joan_rivers is a gem. i agree. we all agree.
if you’re sitting in an office working in a job you hate, then it’s time to think big and plan your next step…
hopefully the republican party can come together and have a big win in november, paving the way for many great supreme court justices!
hillary will never reform wall street. she is owned by wall street!
jobs report is really bad - beyond the worst  bad day on wall street!
" @sensanders : i have a message for donald trump: no, we’re not going to hate latinos, we’re not going to hate muslims." i fully agree!
it's time for mountain state to have a senator who will stop obama’s war on coal. this november send dc a message, vote for @capitoforwv !
problem with @gop is not their message, it’s that they are incapable of controlling the message.
" @baberuth99 : we've got your back mr. trump! we're not politicians (all talk and no action). just let us know what you need us to do."
have any questions? send them in.  /a
last time lightweight @jebbush tried to knock off @marcorubio he made a total fool of himself. if he doesn't do better this time, he is out!
the veterans administration is in shambles and our veterans are suffering greatly. john mccain has done nothing to help them but talk.
" @jenniferjjacobs : trump says he was establishment. "i backed mccain he lost. i backed romney he lost. this time i'm doing it myself.
to all @mittromney supporters, make sure you have taken advantage of early voting now so you can gotv on election day.
obama better than last time, but again, @mittromney wins. good night.
entrepreneurs: stay focused and be tenacious. remain fixed on your goals.
. @jebbush , like it or not, our country needs more energy and spirit than you can provide!
our visa system is broken, like so much else in our country. we better get it fixed really fast. make america great again!
to aspiring entrepreneurs: be tenacious. once you've decided on your goals, remain fixed on them. set the bar high!
" @ir0nspirit : can't wait for you to take the white house. our country will once again be strong! sorry jebbush, but you got no chance!"
our visa system is broken, like so much else in our country. we better get it fixed really fast. make america great again!
@barackobama wishes speeches could create jobs. his job is costing america all of ours.
" @stonezipper : @stephenfhayes donald trump if he stops running for president he's not what we the people think he is." will never happen!
" @robertoag415 : economically,donaldtrump is what america  dont know if he's running or not, but i'm voting donald trump for president
"@zander_humes: wish donald trump didn't stop running for president." so do i!
if jon stewart is so above it all & legit, why did he change his name from jonathan leibowitz? he should be proud of his heritage!
what do you think of gary's definition of f-u-n?
"what you dream about is what you do. if you cannot even dream of doing big things, you will never do anything big."--think big
“what you dream about is what you will do. if you cannot even dream of doing big things, you will never do anything big in life.”- think big
i have a dream that our country will be great again!
give america back its dream! - j. trump
"it does not cost anything to dream. spend your time enjoying your big dreams." -- think big
together, we will make america safe and great again!
thank you for your support! we will make america safe and great again!
we need much tougher, much smarter leadership - and we need it now!
make america great again! make america safe again!
thank you washington! together, we will make america safe and great again!
he @johnedwards is bad, but @andrewyoung is worse--not only is he a "rat" but it turns out he stole much of the money for himself.
obama keeps saying that he will do something--- but why hasn't he done it? it's all talk.
" @margie352 : listen to what he says. you will know in your heart it is the truth. we are in a bad way. he is the only one who gets it."
obama once said he “would be ignoring the law” by granting amnesty through executive action. now he’s about to do it. what will congress do?
" @donaldtrumpfink : . @govmikehuckabee : if donald becomes president, he will do a whole lot more to protect us than hillary will."
" @littlevd23 : @oreillyfactor donaldtrump if mr trump runs and becomes the next president you can rest assure he would address them swiftly!"
" @jezzak : if the trump hotel honolulu is any reflection how you would be as president then i think the  will be in good hands" thank you!
if i would have offered obama a billion dollars to show his records, he would have refused.
" @dietztaa_9 : if donald trump ran for president, he'd have my vote based on his twitter account alone"
if any candidate believes that with what we know today we still should have invaded iraq then they are unqualified to be commander-in-chief.
obama can attend a fundraiser every day but can’t be bothered to get briefed on national security. commander-in-chief?!
more poll results from last nights commander-in-chief forum.
“think of yourself as a one-man army. you’re not only the commander in chief, you’re the soldier as well.” – think like a billionaire
"think of yourself like a one-man army. you're not only the commander in chief, you're the soldier as well." – think like a billionaire
"but why shouldn't i speak out? don't you speak out in this country?" - george steinbrenner
thank you high point, nc! i will fight for every neglected part of this nation & i will fight to bring us together as one american people!
" @scott23youmans : if you run, i will vote for you. if you don't, shame on you. be cool!
to aspiring entrepreneurs: be focused! know your goals. put everything you've got into what you're doing--every single day.
.  will be live tomorrow night. entire cast will be there. who do you like to win?
thank you, america!  via @drudge_report
really interesting, president obama was quick to shut down flights to isreal but is totally unwilling to shut down flights from west africa!
a-rod is just not making it. we want to give him a chance but it was only drugs that made him great.
no one wants the government to shut down, but if obamacare is fully implemented then our country will eventually shutdown anyway!
" @tuggers56 : @pmgeezer hillary is so afraid of him. the gop is afraid of him. the american people embrace him! let's elect him, donaldtrump
" @veteran4trump : vets for a strong america endorses donald trump for president; "we've endorsed him, we believe in him"
our foreign policy decisions are dumbest in . history
i wish tonight's debate would cover more than foreign policy.
obama's foreign policy is a complete and total disaster--the worst president we have ever had.
obama will go down as the worst president in history on many topics but especially foreign policy.
obama is a disaster at foreign policy. never had the experience or knowledge. he is not capable of doing the job.
make sure to enjoy your time with your family during the holiday. it is a special time. love and appreciate your family.
happy new year from  ! thank you to my great family for all of their support.
work is fun, deals are fun, life is fun - but love of a great family makes it all come together. go out there and make your family proud.
" @masterbaxter8 : @erictrump you and your family amaze me, can't think of a nobler family in history. @ivankatrump @donaldjtrumpjr " thank you
@vincentyanni i agree, modern family sucks!
good news is that my campaign has perhaps more cash than any campaign in the history of politics- b/c i stand 100% behind everything we do.
the iran nuclear deal is a terrible one for the united states and the world. it does nothing but make iran rich and will lead to catastrophe
we have all the cards. now is the time to make a great deal with iran.
“i can accept failure, everyone fails at something. but i can't accept not trying.” – michael jordan
“if you can accept losing, you can't win.” - vince lombardi
my motto is: ‘never give up.’ i follow this very strictly. i do not let problems and challenges stop me; they are normal.
let this be the day you go for your dream. focus, don't give up, and only accept total and complete victory. you can do it!
we can't let this happen. we should march on washington and stop this travesty. our nation is totally divided!
the last person that hillary or bernie want to run against is donald trump --- and that is fact!
i am in scotland checking on my developments in aberdeen and turnberry. just left ireland, property will be great. always checking!
aspirin gets the best press of almost anything i can think of---fact or great pr?
@donhall5 don--a terrible story (fact).
in crooked hillary's telepromter speech yesterday, she made up things that i said or believe but have no basis in fact. not honest!
wishing everyone a wonderful independence day weekend. we have a lot to be thankful for.
today is  . let us be thankful for our nation’s finest who fight at all corners of the earth to protect our freedoms.
if you have passion, confidence, resilience, & vision, you could become an entrepreneur. add focus to the list & you're off to a good start
obama lied to the public about the al qaeda attack on our consulate in libya. he should be held accountable.
iran will only get stronger in iraq with the latest civil war. we should have taken the oil immediately after the invasion.
a classic - china just signs massive oil and gas deal with russia giving russia plenty of ammo to continue laughing in . face.
if crooked hillary clinton can't close the deal on crazy bernie, how is she going to take on china, russia, isis and all of the others?
the iran deal is terrible. why didn't we get the uranium stockpile - it was sent to russia.
“you don't necessarily need the best location. what you need is the best deal.” – the art of the deal
you don't necessarily need the best location. what you need is the best deal. -- the art of the deal
watch face the nation - will be on now!
thanks for the welcome @dateline_keith .  now it’s my turn to  along with @apprenticenbc .
today is the first day of the rest of your life - make the most of it!
“your money should be at work at all times. even in the worst economy, there is no excuse." - think like a billionaire
there is no excuse for riots in ferguson regardless of the grand jury outcome.
penn state is doing a poor job in bringing its mess to a  should be ashamed for hiding sandusky's crimes all these years...
the republican party of new york has been conditioned to lose, and there is no excuse for this. leadership must move fast and decisively!
sorry, there is no star on the stage tonight!
all are very scripted and rehearsed, two (at least) should not be on the stage.
“think of yourself as a one-man army. you’re not only the commander in chief, you’re the soldier as well.” – think like a billionaire
"think of yourself like a one-man army. you're not only the commander in chief, you're the soldier as well." – think like a billionaire
getting ready to go on @kellyandmichael - two great people!
am now in . will be going to the . iowa at 5:30 . to speak to our great veterans and other friends!
watch celebrity apprentice, on now!
"but why shouldn't i speak out? don't you speak out in this country?" - george steinbrenner
watch face the nation - will be on now!
as we told the @nydailynews , i was asked to speak at the rnc but said no, because i will be doing something much bigger--just watch!
entrepreneurs: whatever happens, you're responsible. if it doesn't happen, you're responsible.
leadership: whatever happens, you're responsible. if it doesn't happen, you're responsible.
"experience is not what happens to you; it's what you do with what happens to you." -- aldous huxley
let’s see what happens in the boardroom…
"a president either is constantly on top of events or, if he hesitates, events will soon be on top of him...
my condolences and prayers to the victims of the terrorist attack in paris.
happy easter to all, have a great day!
my prayers are with the victims and hostages in the horrible paris attacks. may god be with you all.
happy easter - have a great day!
my heart & prayers go out to all of the victims of the terrible  tragedy. this madness must be stopped, and i will stop it.
our foreign policy decisions are dumbest in . history
obama's foreign policy is a complete and total disaster--the worst president we have ever had.
with all of the bad economic numbers and horrendous foreign policy, obama should be down by 12 points--and he's not.
i wish tonight's debate would cover more than foreign policy.
@leebandoni so you can see what i mean.
@mcuban ---- do you mean the president's birthplace?
obamacare will destroy small business--the backbone of america's economy.
“luck does not come around often. so when it does, be sure to take full advantage of it, even if it means working hard." think big
" @dsmerza : hello donald i have looked up to your success in business relations, since i was a teenager. i am a small business owner."
this is all about american weakness and an incompetent president.
bullshit-pop gave me knowledge and a relatively small amount of money (split between brothers and sisters) and i built it into over 9 bill.
hillary clinton’s open borders are tearing american families apart. i am going to make our country safe again for all americans.
" @conradmblack : many thanks donald, and all good wishes in helping to clean up the american government. honored to be your friend. c."
i am happy to donate $5 million to a charity barack obama chooses. all i am asking is that he is transparent with the american people
“the problem is that no government can create real jobs. only entrepreneurs can do that.” – midas touch
@rattiackackack creating jobs for one thing.
obama’s war on coal is killing american jobs, making us more energy dependent on our enemies & creating a great business disadvantage.
the chinese talk of climate change and carbon footprint but don't clean up their factories-but they sell us the equipment to clean up ours!
why can't the leaders of the republican party see that i am bringing in new voters by the millions-we are creating a larger, stronger party!
whether @reppaulryan's plan is sound fiscal policy is not the relevant issue, the issue is strategic timing. why release it now?
" @thebrodyfile : on the muslim issue: it might help @barackobama if he actually supported christians religious liberty rights.
worst ever issue of @vanityfair magazine—bad food graydon carter should be fired!
" @thebrodyfile : on the muslim issue: it might help @barackobama if he didn't take five years to visit israel"
“there are 2 things i’ve found i’m very good at: overcoming obstacles and motivating good people to do their best work.”–the art of the deal
can you imagine if @billmaher said about obama what he said about me (orangutan etc)—the press would run him out of the country...
it's record cold all over the country and world - where the hell is global warming, we need some fast!
is that all there is? we need a new president - fast!
where the hell is global warming when you need it?
just said at  that "politicians are all talk and no action and we are all tired of it! we need action and results to move forward!"
" @belllabooo13 : @foxandfriends as always great job mr trump!! truth we all need to hear it! you gave us hope!! we need it now!!"
. @alexsalmond rt @islandbluenose you'll be doing us in scotland a great service if you win. good luck.
" @yankeeworshiper thank you to donald trump for standing up for what you believe e the  lies for hillary and barack."
proud to see my friend governor chris christie standing up for israel on his visit. standing tall!
quote: "if you have health insurance, you're not getting hit with a tax."
thank you ohio - see you tonight!
bring in the new year with style in las vegas. @trumplasvegas is the place to be.
the trump signature collection is the best menswear design for young entrepreneurs. great style & design exclusively available @macys .
work is fun, deals are fun, life is fun - but love of a great family makes it all come together. go out there and make your family proud.
the  was amazing --- so much fun!
if you're passionate about your work, you will never give up.
@phil_grech your not free, you'll never be free. you'll be back (if you ever left) because you can't help yourself!
" @wizhether : donaldtrump keep it up! they're attacking you because they're afraid. you're winning! we who love our country have your back!"
quote: "if you have health insurance, you're not getting hit with a tax."
a great evening in iowa! thank you des moines area community college for a great forum!
the electoral college is a disaster for a democracy.
mike & mike in one minute!
spent time with indiana governor mike pence and family yesterday. very impressed, great people!
on mike and mike, @espn in two minutes!
look forward to governor mike pence . introduction tomorrow in new york city.
gov mike pence has just stated that donald trump has taken a strong stance on hoosier jobs, and he thanks me! i will bring back jobs to usa.
thoughts and prayers to the great people of indiana. you will prevail!
thoughts and prayers to the families of the four great marines killed today.
thoughts and prayers for those in the floods affecting the great people of south carolina.
thoughts and prayers are with everyone in west virginia- dealing with the devastating floods.
my thoughts and prayers are with the two police officers shot in sebastian county, arkansas.
today will be a super tuesday for @mittromney -- he will win over 220 delegates from states across every region. he will be the nominee.
we don’t want to have a recount in any of the battleground states. obama will steal it. make sure all your friends and family vote.
trump tuesday: i'll be on @squawkcnbc tomorrow morning at 7:30 am. be sure to tune in.
on saturday a great man, elie wiesel, passed  world is a better place because of him and his belief that good can triumph over evil!
obama and the democrats are laughing at the deal they just made...the republicans got nothing!
for america to be great again we must have a president who has been successful and americans can learn from on how to succeed.
this is a terrible deal for the country and an embarrassment for republicans!
" @williamgardanis : working class democrats ,independents ,americans that never voted before to decide this election landslide mandate 4 djt"
it’s about time for all americans (republicans & democrats) to force our elected officials to start acting fiscally responsible!
thank you- new york! i love you!
thank you new york! i love you!
thank you new york, and pennsylvania!
in tampa, florida- thank you to all of our outstanding volunteers who want to  !
thank you new york, i will never forget!
join @autismspeaks , and light the world blue on 4/2.  will raise awareness for millions with autism!
join @autismspeaks and light the world blue on 4/2.  will raise awareness for millions with autism!
the republicans can absolutely win if they stick together-but they are not sticking together. sen. mccain just said "we can't win".very bad!
thank you for your support! together we can  !
"coming together is a beginning. keeping together is progress. working together is success." - henry ford
"coming together is a beginning; keeping together is progress; working together is success." -- henry ford
thank you! together we will  !
republicans and democrats have both created our economic problems.
new hampshire is a critical state for both candidates this year. i got to know new hampshire and love it.
while i won't be running for governor of new york state, a race i would have won, i have much bigger plans in mind- stay tuned, will happen!
for success: find out what you love to do. trust yourself enough to find out what is best for you and what you're best at doing...
“how much money can you stand to lose? that’s how much risk you should assume.” – think like a billionaire
when will cnn do a segment on hillary’s plan to increase syrian refugees 550% and how much it will cost?
@joeyhatcher you'll have to watch to find out.
obama:“i will destroy isis” = obama: “if you like your healthcare plan, you can keep your plan.”
"you have to love what you do or you are never going to be successful no matter what you do in life.” - think big
"you have to love what you do or you are never going to be successful no matter what you do in life." - think big
“if you don't have time to do it right, when will you have time to do it over?” - john wooden
who do you think is going home?
i'm going to do what @mittromney was totally unable to do- win!
iran’s nuclear program must be stopped – by any and all means necessary.
the white house should stop publicly pressuring israel on iran. iran's nuclear program is the threat, not israel's right to self-defense.
"let me put this as plainly as i know how: iran's nuclear program must be stopped--by any and all means necessary. period."
iran's quest for nuclear weapons is a major threat to our nation's national security interests. we can't allow iran to go nuclear.
why is the un planning to attack @israel 's sovereignty and ignore iran's nuclear program? the us should look at future funding.
" @sirmikeadams : why would trump run for president? he likes to be able to get things done, government doesn't. it can all change!
.  . we do not do the maintenance on lasker rink, that is done by new york city.
why did we spend billions of our money on libya if we are not going to get any of the country's oil? what do we get out of this?
"@bilalkostashuk: that first episode of  was intense but incredible. this season is going to be bigger and better than ever!
is that all there is? we need a new president - fast!
great job @erictrump ! proud of you!
. @heytana , great job - we are all proud of you!
. @ximenanr great job, we are all proud of you - one of our all time best!
the more i get to know @mittromney the more i like him. he has the judgment and private sector experience america needs in the white house.
president obama, you have a big job to do. go to baltimore and bring both sides together. with proper leadership, it can be done! do it.
the situations in tulsa and charlotte are tragic. we must come together to make america safe again.
europe and the . must immediately stop taking in people from syria. this will be the destruction of civilization as we know it! so sad!
republicans and democrats must come together now to make america great again!
lightweight @agschneiderman is fighting with @nygovcuomo –cuomo wins that one easily. schneiderman is a total loser.
“how much money can you stand to lose? that’s how much risk you should assume.” – think like a billionaire
“consider the fact that for every gallon of gas you put in your car, you pay 45.8 cents in state, local, and federal taxes.”
"if you like to work hard, you will attract people with the same ethic." - think like a billionaire
“if you’re still in school, pay attention. education is a money machine.” – think like a billionaire
have we ever had a potus before @barackobama who earned over 1/3 of his income from foreign sources and paid taxes to another country?
the three political disasters could lead to a major and complete political meltdown!
hillary clinton is a major national security risk. not presidential material!
@politico has really become a laughing stock of good political reporting.
such a great honor to be the republican nominee for president of the united states. i will work hard and never let you down! america first!
"@joedurak if jeb is the nominee hillary is our next president."
we have to make america great again!
we have many problems in our house (country!), and we need to fix them before we let visitors come over and stay. make america great again!
it all begins today - we will finally take our country back and make america great again!
we are going to have a great time in cleveland. will lead to special results for our country. we will make america great again!
" @hiddenspeed42 : @ay4web no pay or compensation to make our beautiful country again!! that's his promise to us!! we love u trump"
total misnomer to call obamacare ‘the affordable care act.’ affordable for whom besides big businesses & congress w/their exemptions?
when is south korea going to start paying us for the massive amounts of money we are spending to protect them from the north?
the more you know, the more you realize how much you don't know. how can you possibly discover anything if you already know everything?
“get to know  can’t improve upon something you don’t  more you ask, the better you'll know.” vince lombardi
. @rickymoney i don't know a lot about failures. and as you know, i never went bankrupt.
" @kata2bijak : i know a lot, but one thing i know is that i don't know everything. ~ donald trump"
" @fenitaayu1 : i know a lot, but one thing i know is that i don't know everything. ~ donald trump"
i will be on piers morgan live tonight at 9 . on cnn. tune in!
"but why shouldn't i speak out? don't you speak out in this country?" - george steinbrenner
i am on @foxandfriends now! tune in!
@squawkcnbc --tomorrow at 7:30 am. tune in!
i'm on @foxandfriends this monday at 7:30 am. tune in!
@blakemharris but they are the folks i like the best - by far!
i can't believe the yankees continue to pay a rod - they have a perfect right to stop paying (and should have stopped a long time ago).
i don’t know why the @yankees keep paying a-rod—they have a perfect out.
don't worry, when our country starts hurting bad enough from all of the mistakes that are being made, we will start doing the right things.
if you’re sitting in an office working in a job you hate, then it’s time to think big and plan your next step…
. @alexsalmond of scotland may be the dumbest leader of the free world. i can’t imagine that anyone wants him in office.
" @ricd384 : the united states of america needs a real man in the oval office. mr. donald trump, america is ready for you. lets do it'"
entrepreneurs: everything starts with you. leadership is not a group effort--if you're in charge, then be in charge.
price gouging at many gas stations, $10 a gallon--welcome to the new world.
the election is trending towards @mittromney . americans know we can't afford another 4 years of the obama economic decline.
with 50 days until the election, it is  for @mittromney & @gop
why isn't hillary clinton 50 points ahead?
thank you @scottienhughes for the great job you did on @cnn . great energy and smarts! i will not let you down.
" @johnnydollar01 : and people zinged donald trump for talking about ebola. how is this klain guy any more qualified?"actually, less qualified
 @midlandmainline @dmregister who else is as qualified as the donald, it needs a man who makes thing happen there's only one  trump
thank you florida, ohio, and pennsylvania!  is not qualified.
"the best thing you can do is deal from strength, and leverage is the biggest strength you have.” – the art of the deal
"@joedurak if jeb is the nominee hillary is our next president."
thank you! vote in 2016!
hillary will never reform wall street. she is owned by wall street!
price gouging at many gas stations, $10 a gallon--welcome to the new world.
thank you colorado springs. get out & vote  in november!
in the 1920's people were worried about global cooling--it never happened. now it's global warming. give me a break!
as promised, my @superbowl pick is the san francisco @49ers .
would seem that plane landed short of runway in san francisco!
we will only be the land of the free as long as we are home of the brave!
here's a sneak peek at the @dnc convention theme: "it's not our fault. blame bush. oh, and government built it."
@edwardashton30 thanks--food for thought!
thank you, america!  via @drudge_report
re real estate: you don’t necessarily need the best location. what you need is the best deal…
i have never been a fan of john edwards but it is time for the gov't to focus on more important things. @johnedwards
secure the border! build a wall!
make sure you take some time to enjoy the weekend. important for your mind and will help you be productive next week.
stop calling my office to do your show, i have more important things to do with my time--- nobody's watching you! @lawrence
we have got to take our country back. it's time!
economic growth can save social security, medicare and america.
then, on june 25th- back to the usa to make america great again!
i had a great day campaigning in connecticut. looking for a big vote on tuesday!
crooked hillary clinton says that she got more primary votes than donald trump. but i had 17 people to beat—she had one!
" @by @tedcruz good i want to see the court decide what i was always told "natural born" means - born on american soil"
based on the fact that ted cruz was born in canada and is therefore a "natural born canadian," did he borrow unreported loans from c banks?
just sat down for a great interview with @phussionwyff in greenville today. watch at 5pm. an amazing day in south carolina!
i am on @foxandfriends now! tune in!
re-build the es not places that hate our country and everything we stand for!
how is bernie sanders going to defend our country if he can't even defend his own microphone? very sad!
we have got to take our country back. it's time!
the attack on our libyan consulate was the worst attack on the us since 9/11. time for obama to come clean.
why do we keep broadcasting when we are going to attack syria. why can't we just be quiet and, if we attack at all, catch them by surprise?
maybe i’m old fashioned but i don’t like seeing women in combat.
it is only the people that were never asked to be vp that tell the press that they will not take the position.
. @flgovscott : amazing race, tremendous courage - you deserved this win for a very old fashioned reason - you have been a great governor!
please tell me what is going on with the republicans?
@designergirla not a bad idea!
today we honor the fallen at  , 74 years ago today. if you see a vet today, thank them!
@ewerickson @hunterbaker erick--thanks--and that was an easy one--closed for eight years!
should have gone after the oil years ago (like i have been saying).
when i bought the  pageant 13 years ago, it was on life support...
i made a fortune in atlantic city, got out years ago (great timing), and havn't been back in many years. i have nothing to do with .
want jobs? slash corporate tax rate. tax incentives for companies that create jobs in us. america will boom.
we must stop outsourcing our jobs overseas and end our multi-billion dollar trade deficits.
together, we will make america safe and great again!
thank you for your support! we will make america safe and great again!
thank you washington! together, we will make america safe and great again!
make america great again! make america safe again!
thank you arkansas! get out &  on tuesday. we will make america safe & great again!
the $1b failed website is the tip of the iceberg on the obamacare. over 90 million estimated will lose their plans next year.
so with all of the obama tough talk on russia and the ukraine, they have already taken crimea and continue to push. that's what i said!
the . has appealed ro russia not to intervene in ukraine - russia tells . they will not become involved, and then laughs loudly!
sleepy eyes @chucktodd —one of the dumbest voices in politics-- is angry that i’m doing @thisweekabc .
john @cahillforag is one of the most respected people in politics. dopey @agschneiderman is one of the least respected!
today is the first day of the rest of your life - make the most of it!
if you've got some problems today, that's a good sign--that's life. so give them some thought and make the most of the situation.
most of the world's great riders are at mar-a-lago today for the trump invitational, one of the most important equestrian events of the year
congratulations to gabby douglas on winning the gold for the usa in gymnastics. she is terrific!
congratulations to our great women's olympic soccer team @ussoccer on their gold medal. they made us all proud!
congratulations to our olympic team for by far winning the most medals, including first place gold.
jack nicklaus ii gave the best tribute to a parent i have ever heard at yesterday’s congressional gold medal ceremony honoring @jacknicklaus
thank you new hampshire!
thank you, new hampshire!
heading to south carolina, really big crowd! will be back in new hampshire tomorrow.
. @megynkelly sorry, there was only one "breakout star" this weekend in new hampshire. just check out the local new hampshire media!
@tracyn3109 seems like it!
a-rod hit ball hard first at bat. time for him to step up and leave.
the ratings for the celebrity apprentice were fantastic and everyone had a great time. it was a terrific season -- congrats to everyone!
during primetime of the iowa caucus, cruz put out a release that @realbencarson was quitting the race, and to caucus (or vote) for cruz.
go vote from now to 8:30 . nevada. i will be at various caucus sites. make america great again!
@tracypelota go for better location.
goofy elizabeth warren is now using the woman’s card like her friend crooked hillary. see her dumb tweet “when a woman stands up to you…”
the worst thing hillary could do is have her husband campaign for her. just watch.
"entrepreneurs must have vision plus the power of focus... to see the future and turn their vision into a profitable reality."
“the difference between stupidity and genius is that genius has its limits.” - albert einstein
my twitter account is now reaching more people than the new york times--not bad. and we're only going to get better!
remember, when guns are outlawed, only outlaws will have guns!
we need much tougher, much smarter leadership - and we need it now!
a-rod is just not making it. we want to give him a chance but it was only drugs that made him great.
" @veteran4trump : vets for a strong america endorses donald trump for president; "we've endorsed him, we believe in him"
@mdahgod not much, it's too easy!
" @johnnydevine137 i'm all for donald trump owning the bills. give trump a chance and watch the donald, trump the competition." @nflcommish
adversity is a fact of life. be bigger than the problems, be ready to fight for your rights, & all will be well – trump never give up
"know when to walk away from the table." the art of the deal
. @newtgingrich just said "a historic victory for trump." nice!
thank you for all of your support! most importantly - we need to get everyone out to vote!
we are one nation. when one hurts, we all hurt. we must all work together-to lift each other up.
we are one nation. when one state hurts, we all hurt. we must all work together - to lift each other up.
thank you america! together- we will  !
we have many problems in our house (country!), and we need to fix them before we let visitors come over and stay. make america great again!
thank you america! together, we will all  !
" @rydercup2014 : all we can say is wow! what would you say? @trumpscotland   "
well, obama refused to say (he just can't say it), that we are at war with radical islamic terrorists.
" @bubbachitchat1 : this is why the polls are wrong! @hanan_khan2 : i am a lifelong democrat. and i will be voting trump!  ""
shows how dumb joe mcquaid ( @deucecrew ) of the dying union leader is to put out the letter i wrote saying why i didn't do his failed debate!
i loved firing goofball atheist penn @pennjillette on the apprentice. he never had a chance. wrote letter to me begging for forgiveness.
memorial day is a time to honor our nation's finest who made the ultimate sacrifice for our freedom. god bless them all.
do you believe this - iran wants to trade our 3 prisoners (not 4) for 19 prisoners held by the . should have been let go with last deal!
our nation is a once great nation divided!
on this memorial day holiday, we honor our fallen soldiers who have made the greatest sacrifice for freedom. they are our country’s finest.
hillary's wars in the middle east have unleashed destruction, terrorism and isis across the world.
our national security starts at the border. do you think isis & al-qaeda are just in the middle east?
" @frankylamouche : how many of donald's rolling thunder brigade will sign up and go to war for him in the middle east."
is it a coincidence that the middle east has blown up since obama became president?
. @mittromney much better on libya and middle east problems. obama has no answer.
our nation is a once great nation divided!
congratulations to @jdickerson of face the nation on his highest ratings in 15 years. 4.6 million people watched my interview! thank you!
do you think i will get credit for keeping ford in . who cares, my supporters know the truth. think what can be done as president!
watch face the nation - will be on now!
i will do far more for women than hillary, and i will keep our country safe, something which she will not be able to do-no strength/stamina!
because gov. kasich cannot run in the state of pennsylvania-he cannot win the nomination- & should not be allowed to compete in ohio on tue.
dopey arianna @huffingtonpost is really after me--boring story after boring story...but i hear she is in big trouble!
cnn will soon be the least trusted name in news if they continue to be the press shop for hillary clinton.
i am the only one who can beat hillary clinton. i am not a mitt romney, who doesn't know how to win. hillary wants no part of "trump"
thank you, new hampshire!
thank you new hampshire!
new hampshire is a critical state for both candidates this year. i got to know new hampshire and love it.
leaving for new hampshire now. will be doing the @todayshow there, live at 7:00 . new @cbsnews poll of new hampshire: trump 38 carson 12!
. @megynkelly sorry, there was only one "breakout star" this weekend in new hampshire. just check out the local new hampshire media!
hillary will never reform wall street. she is owned by wall street!
wall street paid for ad is a fraud, just like crooked hillary! their main line had nothing to do with women, and they knew it. apologize?
jobs report is really bad - beyond the worst  bad day on wall street!
@beanann wall street journal & lots of others, including television.
the @wsj wall street journal loves to write badly about me. they better be careful or i will unleash big time on them. look forward to it!
will be in chicago tomorrow for a record setting (by far) luncheon.
is that all there is? we need a new president - fast!
thank you for your support! together we can  !
republicans and democrats must come together now to make america great again!
thank you! together we will  !
looks like @omarosa is up to the challenge.
thank you america! together- we will  !
obama: “i will control ebola.” = obama: “if you like your health care plan, you can keep your healthcare plan.”
@politifact ’s  is obama’s if you like your health care plan, you can keep it. wrong. it’s the lie of the decade.
" @dmxxx_ : haha i think it's cute how my sister likes donald trump " tell your sister i think she's great!
@crazymom28 i have a friend that wants to meet your sister.
just returned from mississippi - a great evening.
“winning is the most important thing in my life, after breathing. breathing first, winning next.” - george steinbrenner
heading to biloxi, mississippi. massive crowds expected. thank you for your support!
chris mcdaniel looks like he will win in mississippi - great news and big victory for tea party!
cnn will soon be the least trusted name in news if they continue to be the press shop for hillary clinton.
thank you indiana! will be back soon!
@kharmdd59 . thanks p doral will soon be the best in the .
i'm in scotland to open what we hope to be the greatest golf course in the world--- it's amazing.
if you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing, you're right. -- henry ford
"you have to love what you do or you are never going to be successful no matter what you do in life.” - think big
"you have to love what you do or you are never going to be successful no matter what you do in life." - think big
“do what you can, with what you have, where you are.” - theodore roosevelt
thank you america - great  polls!
what do you think of gary's definition of f-u-n?
i should have easily won the trump university case on summary judgement but have a judge, gonzalo curiel, who is totally biased against me.
. @speakerryan congratulations and good luck - you will do a great job for our wonderful .!
i have a judge in the trump university civil case, gonzalo curiel (san diego), who is very unfair. an obama pick. totally biased-hates trump
make no mistake---fast and furious goes all the way to the white house.
fast and furious gun running goes all the way to the white house. we need answers now!
republicans gave obama a free pass to the white house -- they just don't get it.
@dianejackson9 if you love what you're doing, the energy and passion will be there. it's the best way to succeed.
the more i get to know @mittromney the more i like him. he has the judgment and private sector experience america needs in the white house.
follow @trumpnh for all the updates on my new hampshire political activities. looking forward to returning to the granite state on may 14!
obama is community organizing from the oval office on ferguson today. more riots sure to follow.
good news for those that want to make america great again - i am winning every poll in every state and national - and by big numbers! thanks
why do we always know how the four liberals are going to rule but have to think about which side the republican judges will go.
another question to ask yourself: what can i learn today that i didn't know before? always be a student, always be open to new ideas.
my message, make america great again, is beginning to take hold. bring back our jobs, strengthen our military and borders, help our vets!
i will bring our jobs back to the ., and keep our companies from leaving. nobody else can do it. our economy will "sing" again.
republicans must be careful with immigration—don’t give our country away.
our visa system is broken, like so much else in our country. we better get it fixed really fast. make america great again!
we are trying to fight isis, and now our own people are killing our police. our country is divided and out of control. the world is watching
wow, two candidates called last night and said they want to go to my event tonight at drake university.
i watched the last two minutes of the @dallasmavs game last night--- i just loved watching them lose.
the new season of the celebrity apprentice is off to a great start-- last night it swept the 10 . hour in every key demographic.
the difference between @mittromney and @barackobama 's campaign promises to @israel is that mitt will actually keep all of his.
" @ashbakali : "sheer persistence is the difference between success and failure." donald trump"
never ever quit, never give up  j. trump, the art of the deal.
"never, never, never give up." - winston churchill
resolve never to quit, never to give up, no matter what the situation. -- jack nicklaus
“never give up on yourself.” – think big
@brentludington never give up--how i turned my biggest challenges into success.
@barackobama 's jobs plan sure looks like a tax increase plan to me.
the woman who is the secret service director looks like she is way over her  can't the president appoint the best and the brightest?
looks like @omarosa is up to the challenge.
looks like obama will not stop the very potentially dangerous flights to and from west africa. what the hell is wrong with this guy?
looks like plan b is stuck with the mechanical dog. @thegarybusey has latched on and won’t let go.
" @roniseale : the american people deserve a wall to protect our jobs, economy and our safety. i am the only candidate who would build it."
sorry, there is no star on the stage tonight!
" @thefix : tuesday's democratic debate is missing just one thing: donald trump." true, can you think of anyone who wants to watch?
it was great being in michigan. remember, i am the only presidential candidate who will bring jobs back to the  protect car industry!
why isn’t ag schneiderman going after democrat jon corzine and the $1.4 billion that is “missing?”
if hillary thinks she can unleash her husband, with his terrible record of women abuse, while playing the women's card on me, she's wrong!
" @thtswhtkelsaid : i'm fed up w/ dc playing 3 card monty w/ our tax $'s. it's time we the people play the trump card, & take back our country
@exider2010 and that's okay.
what is mitch mcconnell thinking?...make the big deal!
"what lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us." --ralph waldo emerson
" @tommyz63 @reince let trump speak. he is only saying what the rest of us, including you, already know  are a huge problem!"
sadly, because president obama has done such a poor job as president, you won't see another black president for generations!
hopefully the republican party can come together and have a big win in november, paving the way for many great supreme court justices!
my list of potential . supreme court justices was very well recieved. during the next number of weeks i may be adding to the list!
the totally unexpected loss of supreme court justice antonin scalia is a massive setback for the conservative movement and our country!
ted cruz, along with jeb bush, pushed justice john roberts onto the supreme court. roberts could have killed obamacare twice, but didn't!
lyin' crooked hillary's email stories all have one thing in common.
thank you to all of our amazing military families, service members, and veterans.
we have a sacred duty to care for our vets and their families. veterans deserve universal access to care anywhere and anytime!
i have a proven track record supporting our veterans. veterans deserve universal access to care. va scandal proves politicians are inept.
" @neilecollins @macys only interested in sales and could care less about america. veterans and military will be with trump."
the veterans administration is in shambles and our veterans are suffering greatly. john mccain has done nothing to help them but talk.
the united kingdom is trying hard to disguise their massive muslim problem. everybody is wise to what is happening, very sad! be honest.
do you believe the way karzai talks down to the united states - zero respect!
president obama has made one mistake after another for a very long time, and the people of the united states are just plain tired of it!
" @jimlibertarian @jerome_corsi @michaelcohen212 we the people are making it quite clear donald is the people's choice, we want truthfulness"
the press is so totally biased that we have no choice but to take our tough but fair and smart message directly to the people!
" @yang_karl : all scott pelley did by being disrespectful was make it easier to make up my mind who to vote for and that will be trump."
still time to get out and vote!
“most of the time you will need to work hard and stay focused to get to the top – and then work even harder to stay there.” -think big
occupy wall street is at it again- go out and get a job. it's actually easier work and far more rewarding.
stopped by @trumpdc to thank all of the tremendous men & women for their hard work!
the republicans are always worried about the press--they should just do what is right.
"if you can't say great things about yourself, who do you think will?" - think like a champion
it’s amazing that people can say such bad things about me but if i say bad things about them, it becomes a national incident.
"@ray_chipendo: we are able to do certain things only because we do not know they are impossible. donald trump"
the more i get to know @mittromney the more i like him. he has the judgment and private sector experience america needs in the white house.
the deficits under @barackobama are the highest in america's history. why is he bankrupting our country?
"@alexbrochesmtv: want to see real change america? get donald in the white house and see a true american businessman fix this economy!!!!
wisconsin's economy is doing poorly and like everywhere else in ., jobs are leaving. i will make our economy strong again - bring in jobs
if the wall street protesters are upset about the economy then they should really be protesting @barackobama at the white house.
no member of congress should be eligible for re-election if our country's budget is not balanced---deficits not allowed!
. @mcuban says he is a member of dallas national but doesn’t play golf. who is a member of a golf club that doesn’t play?? no talent! @tmz
@tsecor sorry, have to be a member.
love seeing union & non-union members alike are defecting to trump. i will create jobs like no one else. their  leaders can’t compete!
isis threatens us today because of the decisions hillary clinton has made along with president obama. - j. trump
thanks for the welcome @dateline_keith .  now it’s my turn to  along with @apprenticenbc .
...get along & make deals for the good of the country!
who are your favorites on team power? team plan b?
" @cjm8112 : thanks for the golf course in the bronx! what else do you have planned for us? hispanics/latinos love trump!" and i love them!
hillary will never reform wall street. she is owned by wall street!
together, we will make america safe and great again!
thank you for your support! we will make america safe and great again!
thank you washington! together, we will make america safe and great again!
. @monicacrowley you were great with @seanhannity on @foxnews tonight. thank you for your kind words. we will keep americans safe.
“do more, be more, give more--and everyone will benefit.” – think like a champion
"to become a champion, fight one more round." -- james j. corbett, long ago heavyweight champion
is that all there is? we need a new president - fast!
we need much tougher, much smarter leadership - and we need it now!
"we all know that chess is a game of strategy. so is business." - think like a champion
have a happy, successful and healthy new year!
this was the republicans election to win but they just blew it--reasons why to follow.
in order to be successful, especially to be very successful, you must have the ability to be able to handle pressure!
this is a terrible deal for the country and an embarrassment for republicans!
looking like my 5 victories on tuesday will be just as good as if i won ohio. two more days and ohio was mine!
republicans have once again capitulated to obama. this time on the iran nuclear treaty. when will it end?
we are going to make our country so strong again, so great again. no more ripping off the united states. we will make america great again!
great job once again by law enforcement! we are proud of them and should embrace them - without them, we don't have a country!
little marco rubio, the lightweight no show senator from florida is just another washington politician.
i will be interviewed on the @oreillyfactor - tonight from florida, now. enjoy!
"@markpryceagee: i believe donald trump would be the best candidate to run for president under the republican party.  " i do also!
" @theusalifestyle : @gop   (it will happen) gop must support donald trump    "
i am not just running against crooked hillary clinton, i am running against the very dishonest and totally biased media - but i will win!
hillary will never reform wall street. she is owned by wall street!
" @dgrant39107133 : @nathanpaul1975 clinton may go to jail but is still running for president? 99% of people would be in jail for what she did
occupy wall street is at it again- go out and get a job. it's actually easier work and far more rewarding.
"if you love what you do, you are going to work harder, you are going to try harder and you will be better at it." - think big
get smart on knockout assaults and crime - we have to be slightly more vicious (and violent) than the assaulter-and crime would end fast!
keep lightweight marco and his friends out of the white house.
it is truly amateur hour at the white house - and this is why we should not be doing the "war thing" right now!
people ask about @amandatmiller . she is actually a vp of marketing at the trump organization.
@drewmillington actually, too many to pick one.
funny that jeb(!) didn't want help from his family in his failed campaign and didn't even want to use his last  mommy, now brother!
@trainspartanfit your family and dad are great-your mother must have been amazing!
. @jebbush has embarrassed himself & his family with his incompetent campaign for president. he should remain true to himself.
“tomorrow hopes we have learned something from yesterday.” - john wayne
our thoughts and prayers remain with bret michaels and his family and for his speedy recovery.
republicans remember—debt ceiling, debt ceiling, debt ceiling—be smart and you will win!
thank you for your support! together we can  !
thank you! together we will  !
thank you america! together- we will  !
i guess i have reached yet another "ceiling" - 49.7%, with four people. my highest reuters poll yet! thank you!
haters and losers say i wear a wig (i don't), say i went bankrupt (i didn't), say i'm worth $3.9 billion (much more). they know the truth!
" @rydercup2014 : all we can say is wow! what would you say? @trumpscotland   "
no way, judges say mayweather won. investigation should take place. fix?
well, obama refused to say (he just can't say it), that we are at war with radical islamic terrorists.
jeb's new slogan - "jeb can fix it". i never thought of jeb as a crook! stupid message, the word "fix" is not a good one to use in politics!
together, we will make america safe and great again!
i will do far more for women than hillary, and i will keep our country safe, something which she will not be able to do-no strength/stamina!
thank you washington! together, we will make america safe and great again!
in light of newtown, our country has to pull together.
how do you take care of our people if you don't make anything? we don't make anything. we are rapidly losing our manufacturing to china etc.
" @man_in_the_hole : "our leaders are dummies. they don't know what's going on. it's true, they're incompetent.   "
" @wizhether : donaldtrump keep it up! they're attacking you because they're afraid. you're winning! we who love our country have your back!"
... also, if they’re at home who the hell knows what they’re doing (a second job maybe).
re negotiation: know exactly what you want and keep it to yourself. think about what the other side wants and where they're coming from.
re negotiation: know what you want & think about what the other side wants. know where they’re coming from & do not underestimate them.
i hate what has happened to the once great @cnn .
great poll- thank you nevada!
unlike the other republican candidates, i will be in nevada all day and night - i won't be fleeing, in and out. i love & invest in nevada!
putin is not feeling too nervous or scared.
" @dm1one : not feeling well today, but i must take the time 4  &   great season!
leaving nevada now for iowa. things are looking good - great new polls!
looking forward to tonight's ayrshire chamber of commerce annual dinner 2015 @ayrshirechamber
looking forward to honoring the great dogan family & the success of the trump towers project in istanbul @followturkey annual gala dinner
looking forward to honoring the great dogan family and the success of the trump towers project in istanbul @followturkey annual gala dinner
every poll shows high approval of the new sign on @trumpchicago . i am honored by the great support.
bob turner--great guy, great businessman, will be a great congressman. was happy to help him win.
thank you for your support!
honored to have passed 1 million twitter followers. we are making america  again.
i just returned from iowa - what a beautiful state. the people are amazing and the event for congressman steve king was a great success!
" @wizhether : donaldtrump keep it up! they're attacking you because they're afraid. you're winning! we who love our country have your back!"
re negotiation: trust your instincts even after you've honed your skills. they're there for a reason.
" @billywmerritt : "the art of the deal" got me off my ass and got me in the game. we all have 24 hours in a day. no excuses for me. thanks!"
@mittromney can get people back to work.
the . should not be giving away our strategy & tactics to the enemy so they can prepare. just go and do what you have to do!
we should leave afghanistan immediately. no more wasted lives. if we have to go back in, we go in hard & quick. rebuild the us first.
it's go time! see you at trump tower. i'm giving money away!
“after every setback, start thinking big as soon as possible.” - think big
"you never know when the tide is going to turn in your favor. it's important to never give up on yourself." -- think like a champion
wow, @cnn is really working hard to make me look as bad as possible. very unprofessional. hurting in ratings - bad television!
look how bad it is getting! how much more crime, how many more shootings, will it take for african-americans and latinos to vote trump=safe!
why is obama’s auto bailout now creating jobs in china? he is ruining american industry.
" @malachinorris : donald j. trump is the very definition of the american success story. through trump we can bring back the american dream."
we are going to bring steel and manufacturing back to indiana!
just received a standing ovation at  when i said, "we need to bring the american dream back better and stronger than ever before!"
we can create jobs in the american economy by protecting our own manufacturing sector.
jobs report is really bad - beyond the worst  bad day on wall street!
our country is looking very bad right now!
wow, just saw the really bad @cnn ratings. people don't want to watch bad product that only builds up crooked hillary.
can you imagine trading five really bad enemies of the . for the freedom of traitor bergdahl. just another bad deal!
@bluecollar96 no she wouldn't- bad for show.
make america great again!
make america great again! make america safe again!
we have to make america great again!
trump will make america great!!!!
" @lee_richter : trump will make america safe again...he will make america legal again...he will make america great again!  usa"
why isn't hillary clinton 50 points ahead?
.....ahead of schedule and under budget! will be in oklahoma tonight!
china will now pass our economy this year, way ahead of projections. pres. obama – china’s greatest asset!
lyin' ted cruz can't get votes (i am millions ahead of him) so he has to get his delegates from the republican bosses. it won't work!
" @sherrysue66 : i am working a   shift but will stay up 2 watch! i could use a saturday night live laugh!  ♡u. nice.
obama is totally “tweaking” the republicans because he doesn’t respect them—they’ve got to change their ways.
will be interviewed by @andersoncooper on @cnn tonight. let’s see if he treats me fairly—enjoy!
great job once again by law enforcement! we are proud of them and should embrace them - without them, we don't have a country!
people like doing deals with me because they know it will be profitable, that i work quickly, and that they will be treated fairly.
barack obama is not who you think he is. most overrated politician in us history.
jeb bush - “i am a conservative” = barack obama -“if you like your healthcare plan, you can keep your plan.”
president obama should have gone to louisiana days ago, instead of golfing. too little, too late!
congratulations to michelle and barack obama on their 20th anniversary.
barack obama is an unlucky president--unlucky for our country. foreign policy is a disaster, economy is terrible--what's next?
" @waite_lane :if you don't want trump as president, then you don't want what your great grandfather fought so hard for
" @lamodaya : in life you don´t get what you want, you get what you negotiate: donald trump"
great speech by my good friend @govchristie . he did something you won't hear at @barackobama 's convention---tell the truth.
poll - thank you!
i don't want to be the only billionaire in america---i want all americans to be rich.
"pleasure in the job puts perfection in the work." - aristotle
i'm not going to be watching much nfl football anymore. too time consuming, too boring, too many flags and too soft. focus on other things!
i will be in south carolina all week. saturday is big, big, big! get out and vote - make america great again
re lance armstrong—not only was it a big lie but a big lie that lasted too long!
" @dgrant39107133 : @nathanpaul1975 clinton may go to jail but is still running for president? 99% of people would be in jail for what she did
"if you think big you will encounter big setbacks from time to time. what really matters is how you respond to them." - think big
@barackobama 's jobs plan sure looks like a tax increase plan to me.
obama:“i will destroy isis” = obama: “if you like your healthcare plan, you can keep your plan.”
jeb bush - “i am a conservative” = barack obama -“if you like your healthcare plan, you can keep your plan.”
obama: “i will control ebola.” = obama: “if you like your health care plan, you can keep your healthcare plan.”
president obama said, over and over again, if you like your plan, you can keep your plan, period! this turned out to be a total lie-90 mill.
" @vinnie_vegas_76 :donald why don't you run for president. if you run the usa like you run your businesses, the usa would be a better place."
@travis_george thanks, but i have a lot of businesses to run which includes creating jobs.
sanders says he wants to run against me because he doesn't want to run against me. he would be so easy to beat!
the new pope is a humble man, very much like me, which probably explains why i like him so much!
answers to your tweets coming soon
@missshavon1 @celebapprentice thanks, coming up soon, march 3rd.
cnn will soon be the least trusted name in news if they continue to be the press shop for hillary clinton.
" @albo9 : @gen_yvette run run what are you waiting for? lots of support out here in york, pa. willing to set up shop here for you.."
" @dan__crocker : @foxandfriends trump opens his mouth, his numbers go up. when hillary does it, hers go down. must be something to it."
many of hillary’s donors are the same donors as jeb bush’s—all rich, will have total control—know them well.
“success in golf depends less on strength of body than upon strength of mind and character.” - arnold palmer
nancy reagan, the wife of a truly great president, was an amazing woman. she will be missed!
whitney houston was a great friend and an amazing talent. we will all miss her and send our prayers to her family.
trump will make america great!!!!
make america great again!
new q poll out- we are going to win the whole deal- and make america great again!
we have to make america great again!
make america great again! make america safe again!
i don't care what people say, i like tom cruise. he works his ass off and never ever quits. he's one of the few true movie stars.
shouldn’t george will have to give a disclaimer every time he is on fox that his wife works for scott walker?
obama thinks he can just laugh off the fact that he refuses to release his records to the american public. he can't.
fact – the tighter the gun laws, the more violence. the criminals will always have guns.
my prayers and condolences to the victims and families of the terrible tragedy in nice, france. we are with you in every way!
my condolences and prayers to the victims of the terrorist attack in paris.
“do more, be more, give more--and everyone will benefit.” – think like a champion
under obama, iran has taken over iraq, al qaeda has taken over libya, the muslim brotherhood now controls egypt. worst foreign policy ever.
thank you for all of your support! let's  !
make sure to enjoy your time with your family during the holiday. it is a special time. love and appreciate your family.
. @ximenanr great job, we are all proud of you - one of our all time best!
" @mikeolmusic :i absolutely love your family mr. trump. i'm a humongous admirer of you and your family. can't wait to see the next season"
thank you for all of your support, south carolina!
the law requires individuals pay 15% on carried interest. why would a potential president pay more than he or she is supposed to?
either miss pennsylvania will pay, her father will pay or her lawyers will pay. she hurt many people!
@puddlejumper365 you have to have passion for your work. that's most important. then keep your focus intact. good luck.
"@remember91808: @realgilbert and @kevinjonas are the best things about this season of @apprenticenbc : can we keep them around until the end
goofy elizabeth warren lied when she says i want to abolish the federal minimum wage. see media—asking for increase!
we need strong, tough and brilliant leadership now more than ever! make america great again!
why can't the pundits be honest? hopefully we are all looking for a strong and great country again. i will make it strong and great! jobs!
"just be tough, be strong, be willing to learn – and you will learn. don’t be afraid of mistakes or setbacks." think like a champion
just finished the wonderful event on the . iowa. veterans for a strong america endorsed me. such a great honor, thank you!
" @pianobecca : first order of business for america is to elect donaldtrump. next is make america strong again! and he is the man to do it!"
well, the year has officially begun. i have many stops planned and will be working very hard to win so that we can turn our country around!
is the boston killer eligible for obama care to bring him back to health?
. @macy ’s is a big contributor to @ppfa . anybody against planned parenthood should boycott racial profiling macy’s.
get ready to turn to nbc for celebrity apprentice -- tonight's show is great!
for america to be great again we must have a president who has been successful and americans can learn from on how to succeed.
we need a president who isn't a laughing stock to the entire world. we need a truly great leader, a genius at strategy and winning. respect!
just got back from iowa - had a great time with amazing people. will be back soon!
see you soon arizona!
@mittromney can get people back to work.
just got back from new hampshire. great crowd, great people! will be back soon!
who would you most like to see win  ?
which team is your favorite?
whose artwork was your favorite— and what team do you think will win?
“the difference between stupidity and genius is that genius has its limits.” - albert einstein
check out the last webisode in our 3 part series featuring me with serta. which one was your favorite?
check out the last webisode  in our 3 part series featuring me with serta. which one was your favorite?
entrepreneurs: in the best negotiations, everyone wins. this is a possibility and it's the ideal situation to strive for.
entrepreneurs: in the best negotiations, everyone wins. this is a possibility, and it's the ideal situation to strive for.
" @t_sharp4 : donald trump would be the most ideal president" thank you!
" @electric988 : a smart, powerful, and successful man like donald trump would be the ideal president. we need you mr. trump!  "
justice ginsburg of the . supreme court has embarrassed all by making very dumb political statements about me. her mind is shot - resign!
thank you america! together- we will  !
thank you america! together, we will all  !
our country, under president obama, is on life support! great leaders must bring people together.
why do so many people say i hate president obama—i don’t hate the president at all. i just disagree with his policies!
why is obama’s auto bailout now creating jobs in china? he is ruining american industry.
" @joenbc : cokie roberts says donald trump had a really good night."
rick perry is right when he says we must stand by israel in the un.
crooked hillary clinton has zero natural talent - she should not be president. her temperament is bad and her decision making ability-zilch!
in just out book, secret service agent gary byrne doesn't believe that crooked hillary has the temperament or integrity to be the president!
"he who knows when he can fight and when he cannot, will be victorious." -- sun tzu
. @ewanshearer happy birthday
thanks everybody for the happy birthday greetings, but it’s actually the 10th birthday of the apprentice. my birthday is june 14th....
@scottlara1961 have a happy birthday.
who wouldn't take kate's picture and make lots of money if she does the nude sunbathing thing. come on kate!
@clemensisland13 have a great time-happy birthday!
the gop doesn't waste an opportunity to waste an opportunity. defunding obamacare should be central to any deal.
becoming a us citizen is not a right, it’s a privilege.
the only deal the republicans should accept is a complete repeal of obamacare. you have them on the run - don't fold - go for it!
remember, china is not a friend of the united states!
" @eastonwestwood : please run for president again! america is almost finished but might have a chance if you're president in jan.2017."
" @therealhabanero : the thought of you becoming president of the united states is the only thing that gives me hope for this country's future
" @ronmeier123 : january 20th 2017 will be a victorious day in america mr. trump if you run! for you will be sworn in as the 45th president!"
“think of yourself as a one-man army. you’re not only the commander in chief, you’re the soldier as well.” – think like a billionaire
sorry, there is no star on the stage tonight!
entrepreneurs: keep your focus and keep your momentum. believe in yourself--if you don't, no one else will either.
it would be nice if our commander-in-chief was as concerned for our veterans health as he is for illegal immigrants becoming citizens.
if any candidate believes that with what we know today we still should have invaded iraq then they are unqualified to be commander-in-chief.
go out and vote--- this will be the most important election of our time!
"what you dream about is what you do. if you cannot even dream of doing big things, you will never do anything big."--think big
“what you dream about is what you will do. if you cannot even dream of doing big things, you will never do anything big in life.”- think big
“if you want to be successful at anything in life, you have to be able to handle pressure.” – think big
“always get even. when you are in business, you need to get even with people who screw you.” – think big
" @devin199722 : just watched you on @oreillyfactor want you to run for office in 2016 so you can be the first president i vote for!!!"
in the upcoming new year we will focus like never before - if we do that we will have complete and total victory in all we do!
we are one nation. when one hurts, we all hurt. we must all work together-to lift each other up.
we are one nation. when one state hurts, we all hurt. we must all work together - to lift each other up.
happy new year from  ! thank you to my great family for all of their support.
why do we keep broadcasting when we are going to attack syria. why can't we just be quiet and, if we attack at all, catch them by surprise?
if you're interested in 'balancing' work and pleasure, stop trying to balance them. instead make your work more pleasurable.
“life is difficult no matter what, but hard work and perseverance make it a lot easier.” – think like a billionaire
" @yang_karl : all scott pelley did by being disrespectful was make it easier to make up my mind who to vote for and that will be trump."
occupy wall street is at it again- go out and get a job. it's actually easier work and far more rewarding.
make sure to enjoy your time with your family during the holiday. it is a special time. love and appreciate your family.
...get along & make deals for the good of the country!
good news is that my campaign has perhaps more cash than any campaign in the history of politics- b/c i stand 100% behind everything we do.
"i find hope in the darkest of days, and focus in the brightest." - dalai lama
leaving now - i'm spending the entire day in iowa - great people, great state!
. @mittromney 's entire life and career have built prosperity and growth.
am now in . will be going to the . iowa at 5:30 . to speak to our great veterans and other friends!
i'm leaving for iowa now - will be great!
on my way to cedar falls, iowa, now. will be great--i love the people of iowa!
jobs report is really bad - beyond the worst  bad day on wall street!
" @barmes_andnoble : if donald trump runs for president i will be beyond happy...if he wins i will be beyond, beyond happy" so nice, thanks!
"@kathlee08380944: @wsj @hookjan trump is the only cand talking about building a wall on the border that's getting great attention go trump
great job @adamscott - you deserve it!
my plan will lower taxes for our country, not raise them. phony @club4growth says i will raise taxes—just another lie.
when the economy is bad, @barackobama wants to raise taxes. when the economy is good, @barackobama wants to raise taxes. notice a trend?
four brave americans died in benghazi. administration is still covering up the truth. we deserve to know the full truth.
. @andre_reed83 . congratulations andre, you deserve it!
the only reason i bid on @buffalobills was to make sure they stayed in buffalo, where they belong. mission accomplished.
"rosechem1 one of the reasons that i like you is because i feel that old american greatness in your mentality. it makes me feel hope!" thx.
a winning attitude will put everything in perspective. keep negative thoughts and people where they belong--out of the big picture.
entrepreneurs: a winning attitude will put things in perspective. keep negative thoughts & people where they belong--out of the big picture.
heading to north carolina for two big rallies. will be there soon. we will bring jobs back where they belong!
" @bryan_carpenter : @leezagibbons should win! she has grown so much and is a natural born leader! so professional and kind. she's a gift!"
the failing @nytimes has gone nuts that crooked hillary is doing so badly. they are willing to say anything, has become a laughingstock rag!
republicans have all the cards...but they just don't know it!
" @bestphotosever : i hope you'll announce you're running for president soon. america needs a smart leader w/ true love for country like you"
"first of all, you don't necessarily need the best location. what you need is the best deal." -- the art of the deal
"i aim very high, and then just keep pushing and pushing to get what i'm after." - the art of the deal
" @not_that_actor : i've been cheering u on for many moons. but i'm afraid you don't have the passion to actually run in '16" we'll see.
"even if you're on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there." --will rogers
. @alexsalmond rt @islandbluenose you'll be doing us in scotland a great service if you win. good luck.
thank you ohio - see you tonight!
if you're passionate about your work, you will never give up.
" @gopjenna : "i don't care about the game, i care about the people." and that's exactly why we the people love you so much!  "
@mittromney can get people back to work.
just got back from the iowa state fair. record crowds, phenomenal people. thank you iowa, i will never let you down!
i want to do negative ads on john kasich, but he is so irrelevant to the race that i don’t want to waste my money.
we need to worry about the american worker first!
great poll out of illinois! thank you!
a great evening in springfield, illinois. thank you for all of the support!
thank you cleveland. we love you and will be back many times!
thank you- new york! i love you!
thank you new york! i love you!
“i have a very strict gun control policy: if there's a gun around, i want to be in control of it.” - clint eastwood
there won’t be any new gun legislation. no surprise. americans support the 2nd amendment.
the response has been fantastic--- actually overwhelming! thank you!
the majority of americans agree with @mittromney 's comments on @israel and iran.
hillary will never reform wall street. she is owned by wall street!
when will the democrats, and hillary in particular, say "we must build a wall, a great wall, and mexico is going to pay for it?" never!
mexico will pay for the wall!
we have to make the . rich again so that we can afford to pay social security, medicare,and medicaid and strong to keep our enemies out
we pay a disproportionate share of the cost of . why? it is time to renegotiate, and the time is now!
obama is now standing in a puddle acting like a president--give me a break.
" @rhettriley1234 : trump only wins with our votes. we must grow trump nation and do our part. vote. this is our time.
our nation is a once great nation divided!
the  trend on twitter right now is  - thank you!
whether @reppaulryan's plan is sound fiscal policy is not the relevant issue, the issue is strategic timing. why release it now?
poll numbers way up - making big progress!
congratulations to @flgovscott --- the state is really making progress --- and fast!
re-build the es not places that hate our country and everything we stand for!
“most of the time you will need to work hard and stay focused to get to the top – and then work even harder to stay there.” -think big
i will bring our jobs back to america, fix our military and take care of our vets, end common core and obamacare, protect 2nd a, build wall
@makeupwithme7 thanks--work hard every day!
“do your duty and a little more and the future will take care of itself.” - andrew carnegie
the worst thing hillary could do is have her husband campaign for her. just watch.
goofy elizabeth warren is now using the woman’s card like her friend crooked hillary. see her dumb tweet “when a woman stands up to you…”
" @apprenticenbc : sending warm wishes to our dear friend @hollyrpeete on her birthday today! happy birthday, holly!
crooked hillary can't close the deal with bernie sanders. will be another bad day for her!
" @michaelurso2 : mr trump did you deny megyn kelly. what is her issue! i used to like her. can't stand her now. very little talent! @foxnews
" @blt21muttrades : people are just mad that you're doing so good so they are gonna do they're best to stop you. not gonna happen  "
" @apprenticenbc : by the way — you will not want to miss  next week on  . that's all we're gonna say."
" @dcfoodsafety : p, i tell people i am voting for you. when are you gonna make the announcement so people will start believing?" watch
playing politics with the keystone decision? @barackobama vetos 20,000 jobs and cheaper oil.
i am very proud of ivanka!
i can't believe that 60 minutes is right now showing our nuclear facilities for the world to see (at request of . leadership). stupid!
snowden is showing how weak the . has become.
i am proud of the tea party. these great patriots have accomplished so much in strengthening our country in only 3 short years.
the losing team is now back in boardroom. i can't discuss the team members or what's going on or what happens from here on out.
keep your momentum. without momentum, a lot of great ideas go nowhere.
entrepreneurs: keep your momentum. without momentum, a lot of great ideas go nowhere.
hopefully the republican party can come together and have a big win in november, paving the way for many great supreme court justices!
my list of potential . supreme court justices was very well recieved. during the next number of weeks i may be adding to the list!
our next president must stop china's rip-off of america.
we need much tougher, much smarter leadership - and we need it now!
this is just not the right time for jeb bush. his campaign is in total disarray, too much staff being paid way too much money = . govt.
thank you to teachers across america! when i become potus we will make education a far more important component of our life than it is now.
happy veterans day. to those who have served, thank you for your special work.
thank you to all of the men and women who have served our country. you are our true heroes!
"democracy cannot succeed unless those who express their choice are prepared to choose wisely...
"sometimes the best thing you can do is just let things ride, let time go by." donald j. trump
with taxes set to go up and obama about to cut the mortgage deduction, now is the time to buy a house if you can. can get a great deal.
thank you west virginia. let's keep it going. go out and vote on tuesday - we will win big.
" @pauladuvall2 : cruz will say anything that is contrary to what you have to say. if you're for motherhood, he'll be against it!"
go out and vote--- this will be the most important election of our time!
obama keeps namedropping bill clinton-- he is no bill clinton.
for all of those that think life is easy & don’t want to work, remember: hope is the poor man’s bread.
will be interviewed by @seanhannity tonight for the full hour. hope you enjoy it and, more importantly, hope you agree!
i hope bill clinton and newsmax's chris ruddy are enjoying their mission to africa. two great people.
if i would have challenged the man, the media would have accused me of interfering with that man's right of free speech. a no win situation!
@theellenshow ellen, you should get rid of andy lassner - the guy has absolutely no imagination or talent. good try last night!
hillary clinton is using race-baiting to try to get african-american voters- but they know she is all talk and no action!
“i’ve found that people work harder when they are held accountable, and their confidence rises along with that.” – midas touch
obama lied to the public about the al qaeda attack on our consulate in libya. he should be held accountable.
when will anyone be held accountable for the va scandal? the politicians are experts in never facing any consequence.
“destiny has a part to play in your life and in your business – so give it a chance to work.” – think like a champion
"destiny has a part to play in your life and in your business - so give it a chance to work." - think like a champion
“destiny has a part to play in your life and in your business--so give it a chance to work.” – think like a champion
"i never did a day's work in my life. it was all fun." -- thomas a. edison
. @cnn just doesn't get it, and that's why their ratings are so low - and getting worse. boring anti panelists, mostly losers in life!
my acquisition of the doral in maimi will be a major success for the trump organization. the re-building is on schedule.
building a brand is like building a skyscraper-the foundation comes first. the bigger the building, the deeper the foundation needs to be
michigan has made great progress under snyder-calley. @migop is out early energizing the grassroots. keep it up!
old post office building in dc will be a world-class trump property. honored to be doing this historic building--washington will be proud.
" @wizhether : donaldtrump keep it up! they're attacking you because they're afraid. you're winning! we who love our country have your back!"
@not_that_actor a terrible situation.
i will be on the situation room with @wolfblitzer from 5-7pm est on cnn
entrepreneurs: in the best negotiations, everyone wins. this is a possibility and it's the ideal situation to strive for.
entrepreneurs: in the best negotiations, everyone wins. this is a possibility, and it's the ideal situation to strive for.
how about president obama fixing the gasoline situation instead of taking photo ops in the destruction.
can you believe the worst mayor in the ., & probably the worst mayor in the history of  , @billdeblasio , just called me a blow hard!
@presidentstevie not when you are running for mayor!
sexual pervert & deviant anthony weiner is polling to see if he can run for nyc mayor...
weiner says many more pictures may be out there—this is just what nyc needs, a pervert mayor.
as hard as it is to believe, sexting pervert anthony weiner is leading in some polls for mayor of nyc.
obama has not passed a single budget in 4 years. democrats don’t even vote them in congress. he has failed to lead!
people rarely say that many conservatives didn’t vote for mitt romney. if i can get them to vote for me, we win in a landslide.
" @scott23youmans : if you run, i will vote for you. if you don't, shame on you. be cool!
get the big picture but be prepared for the picture to change. be persistent and alert every single day.
“you have to be positive every single day. positive stamina is a necessary ingredient for success.” – think like a champion
thank you, new hampshire!
thank you new hampshire!
leaving for new hampshire now. will be doing the @todayshow there, live at 7:00 . new @cbsnews poll of new hampshire: trump 38 carson 12!
will be on @morning_joe live from new hampshire - 7:00 . talking about the debate and more!
i will be on @morning_joe live from new hampshire tomorrow at 7am.
" @rydercup2014 : all we can say is wow! what would you say? @trumpscotland   "
obamacare is one of the greatest threats our country faces. it is unsustainable and will lead america into complete insolvency.
@andreatantaros it was great to see you - say hi to all!
haters and losers say i wear a wig (i don't), say i went bankrupt (i didn't), say i'm worth $3.9 billion (much more). they know the truth!
. @montgomeriefdn your commentary this weekend was fantastic. people love what you say and how you say it.
i beat hillary in the new @foxnews poll head to head. she has no strength or stamina, both of which are needed to make america great again!
check out ivanka's new facebook page and keep up with what's happening--from the celebrity apprentice, to jewlery to free tickets and more..
"sooner or later, those who win are those who think they can." --paul tournier
when we have big disasters, no one comes to our aid or even suggests helping - but we are always expected to come to the aid of others!
we only want to admit those who love our people and support our values.
my condolences and prayers to the victims of the terrorist attack in paris.
horrific incident in fl. praying for all the victims & their families. when will this stop? when will we get tough, smart & vigilant?
on 9/11, we pray for the victims and their families of the attack and give thanks to all who have sacrificed for justice & our freedom.
the only reason president obama wants to attack syria is to save face over his very dumb red line statement. do not attack syria,fix .
this week will mark the 1 year anniversary of the attack in benghazi that left 4 americans dead. no answers!
lies and incompetence - the two words that are most closely associated with obamacare!
" @oldmanconroy : it's called "climate change". no, they changed it to "climate change" when "global warming" wasn't working anymore-too cold!
it's not climate change,it's global 't let the dollar sucking wiseguys change names midstream because the first name didn't work
the least number of hurricanes in the . in decades. so they change global warming (too cold) to climate change-now what will they call it
they call it "climate change" now because the words "global warming" didn't work anymore. same people fighting hard to keep it all going!
wrong, used to be called global warming and when that name didn't work, they deftly changed it to climate change-because it's freezing!
i still love derek, he is a winner!
the  pageant is the biggest pageant of them all—by far!
it's still exciting after all these years - and this cast is special!
" @therealhabanero : the thought of you becoming president of the united states is the only thing that gives me hope for this country's future
remember, china is not a friend of the united states!
the world as we know it is falling apart. much of the blame can be attributed to the fact that the united states is no longer respected!
don't worry, the united states will be great again!
i wonder what the rest of the world is thinking about the united states as they watch the disgusting and out of control baltimore riots?
thank you america! together, we will all  !
in the upcoming new year we will focus like never before - if we do that we will have complete and total victory in all we do!
thank you america! together- we will  !
we are one nation. when one hurts, we all hurt. we must all work together-to lift each other up.
we are one nation. when one state hurts, we all hurt. we must all work together - to lift each other up.
"most people can learn from their own experiences quite well, but many ignore the experiences and lessons of others." -- the way to the top
2012 is the most important election of my lifetime. @barackobama must be defeated.
"entrepreneurs must have vision plus the power of focus... to see the future and turn their vision into a profitable reality."
we have to make the . rich again so that we can afford to pay social security, medicare,and medicaid and strong to keep our enemies out
we need to worry about the american worker first!
the reason ed schultz said nice things about me is that i’m the only repub who won't cut social security, etc. i’ll make america rich again!
@barackobama has sold guns to mexican drug lords while his doj erodes our 2nd amendment rights.
" @rbacliff : hillary wants to rip the guns out of america's hands. no guns = no protection. get on  & join @nra to stop her."
crooked hillary said that i want guns brought into the school classroom. wrong!
why are some more concerned with granting terrorist rights than protecting innocent americans?
heading for atlanta tomorrow morning for noon speech at north atlanta trade center. big crowds, great people!
thank you atlanta, georgia! will be back soon!
thank you @sarahpalinusa for your amazing help and support. big win, leaving now for atlanta and  people of south carolina got it!
we cannot solve our problems with the same thinking we used when we created them. -- albert einstein
obama/reid/nunn's failed economic policies are not working. @perduesenate will bring fresh perspective to solving problems.
we should leave afghanistan immediately. no more wasted lives. if we have to go back in, we go in hard & quick. rebuild the us first.
we have many problems in our house (country!), and we need to fix them before we let visitors come over and stay. make america great again!
in the upcoming new year we will focus like never before - if we do that we will have complete and total victory in all we do!
go vote from now to 8:30 . nevada. i will be at various caucus sites. make america great again!
during primetime of the iowa caucus, cruz put out a release that @realbencarson was quitting the race, and to caucus (or vote) for cruz.
why are we fighting for the "rebels" that hate us-only to save face for obama!
just watched hillary deliver a prepackaged speech on terror. she’s been in office fighting terror for 20 years- and look where we are!
crooked hillary has been fighting isis, or whatever she has been doing, for years. now she has new ideas. it is time for change.
we have a sacred duty to care for our vets and their families. veterans deserve universal access to care anywhere and anytime!
almost universal support that "trump won the debate." only @foxnews is consistantly fighting the trump win, and i got them the ratings!
whose artwork was your favorite— and what team do you think will win?
what do you think so far?
which team is your favorite?
re my hair-should i change it? what do you think?
"you have to love what you do or you are never going to be successful no matter what you do in life." - think big
obamacare must be fully repealed or it will destroy america's small businesses.
i wish tonight's debate would cover more than foreign policy.
. @billmaher ’s show is great for helping me get to sleep--- better than sominex.
people do not assume this but more than anything else, i like helping people. be at trump tower at 11 am today.
"always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other." -- abraham lincoln
how do you like the boardroom so far?
what do you think so far?
a record high 6.7% of americans are living in extreme poverty. this is tragic. we can do better.
“one reason many people do not do well in business is because they do not do well with people.” – midas touch
“if you don't have time to do it right, when will you have time to do it over?” - john wooden
we are trying to fight isis, and now our own people are killing our police. our country is divided and out of control. the world is watching
we must immediately stop all air traffic coming from the ebola infected areas of africa—before it is too late.
" @nicoleamarin : i can't wait to watch this season of  @donaldjtrumpjr i can't wait to watch @brandiglanville dominate!"
@crazymom28 i have a friend that wants to meet your sister.
" @bubbachitchat1 : this is why the polls are wrong! @hanan_khan2 : i am a lifelong democrat. and i will be voting trump!  ""
my plan will lower taxes for our country, not raise them. phony @club4growth says i will raise taxes—just another lie.
remember this: obama wants to raise taxes, @mittromney wants to lower taxes--need i say more!
. @club4growth asked me for $1 million. i said no. now falsely advertising that i will raise taxes. i’ll lower big league for middle class.
before you vote, think: obama wants to raise taxes, @mittromney wants to lower taxes--need i say more!
the hedge fund guys (gals) have to pay higher taxes asap. they are paying practically nothing. we must reduce taxes for the middle class!
off to nashville and the nra.
" @roniseale : the american people deserve a wall to protect our jobs, economy and our safety. i am the only candidate who would build it."
how do you take care of our people if you don't make anything? we don't make anything. we are rapidly losing our manufacturing to china etc.
@mittromney will turn this mess around!
"things turn out best for the people who make the best of the way things turn out." -- john wooden
turn on @oreillyfactor now and enjoy true brilliance!
thank you michigan. this is a movement. we are going to make america safe and great again!
head of air force's anti-sexual assault unit arrested for sexual assault! it just seems that our country is not what it used to be.
people ask, "why do you tweet and re-tweet to millions about @jebbush when he is so low in the polls?" because of his big $ hit ads on me!
i will be meeting with the nra, who has endorsed me, about not allowing people on the terrorist watch list, or the no fly list, to buy guns.
mexico sent usmc andrew tahmooressi back to jail after court hearing. mexico does not respect our border or . boycott!
some dope said i deleted a tweet about james g. there was no tweet and there was no delete-a totally fabricated story (nobody saw tweet).
"a person who never made a mistake never tried anything new." - albert einstein
"a person who never made a mistake never tried anything new." -- albert einstein
"@rennie022164: @eastonwestwood @jonahnro @stephenfhayes i'm thinking a businessman like trump is the only one who can fix this mess!" true!
we have many problems in our house (country!), and we need to fix them before we let visitors come over and stay. make america great again!
" @nyamdavaaj : you better run in 2016 for president and fix these problems,you can do this donald!!!   right @ivankatrump ?"
when somebody challenges you, fight back -- be tough!
" @tomnocera : somebody said the first casualty of war is truth. somebody tell kerry to take dt with him to negotiate the russian surrender."
. @antbaxter i predict somebody is going to sue you!
i think somebody should pick johnny football - he will be a star.
 @thequote : when somebody challenges you, fight back. be brutal, be tough.  trump
"there are many ways of going forward, but only one way of standing still." -- pres. franklin d. roosevelt
tell iran to let our christian pastor go--and i mean right now. if they don't, there will be hell to pay.
as an addition, apple must go to a larger screen now--asap! they're losing their standing in the market!
"even if you're on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there." --will rogers
thank you west virginia. let's keep it going. go out and vote on tuesday - we will win big.
going on letterman now - let me know what you think - how did i do? here we go!
i have never liked the media term 'mass deportation' -- but we must enforce the laws of the land!
verlander is great but very beatable. does not have a good era in playoff games
" @beckyomz : @juvenile @thehill we could use a new era of greatness! america needs to return to its place in the world--leading!"
we have got to take our country back. it's time!
i still can't believe we didn't t take the oil from iraq.
@yesterdaybyurs take the time to make it great.
@theellenshow ellen, you should get rid of andy lassner - the guy has absolutely no imagination or talent. good try last night!
" @patrickweeks : “it’s  , it’s  , it’s  . it’s  , from my standpoint, and i just love  .” ~ donald
here's my message to @barackobama : america is a capitalistic country. get over it and get on with it!
"never, never, never give up." - winston churchill
thanks everybody for the happy birthday greetings, but it’s actually the 10th birthday of the apprentice. my birthday is june 14th....
problem with @gop is not their message, it’s that they are incapable of controlling the message.
“never give up on yourself.” – think big
yesterday the white house claimed its isis strategy is a 'success.' tell that to the christians being beheaded. we need to hit isis hard!
give america back its dream! - j. trump
the media must immediately stop calling isis leaders "masterminds." call them instead thugs and losers. young people must not go into isis!
just like its website, obamacare is a e all those who are fighting it are wasting their time-it will fail on its own!
isis is starting its own currency. may be stronger than the dollar if obamacare is fully implemented.
it is great to meet fellow patriots at the  book signings. can't wait to meet more today at trump tower from 12pm to 2pm
@morali_arch great to meet you also.
why do we keep broadcasting when we are going to attack syria. why can't we just be quiet and, if we attack at all, catch them by surprise?
i will be on meet the press with chuck todd on nbc this morning. enjoy!
thank you! together we will  !
gary johnson is asking people "to waste" their vote on him. make it count - vote for @mittromney .
make sure to vote today. vote for real change. change that will deliver jobs and a free & strong america. vote for @mittromney .
voting for @govgaryjohnson is voting for obama--don't waste your vote!
make sure you get out and vote...most important election of our generation...go romney!
we don’t want to have a recount in any of the battleground states. obama will steal it. make sure all your friends and family vote.
" @bombasticsigma : can you just announce already that you're running for president so i can campaign for you.
if you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing, you're right. -- henry ford
whether you think you can or think you can't---you are right. -- henry ford
"whether you think you can or think you can't--you're right." henry ford
whether you think you can or think you can't, you're right. -- henry ford
" @pctech181 : for american prosperity, now and for our children's children, there is only one choice. donald trump for president 2016-24."
" @yagerblasters : please run for  need your help. get in there and fire those  a legend business man and love america"
" @joshuaalthina :i have a dream that one day i'll be able to tell my children the story of you taking office & fixing this country
" @slucas8lucas : i wish you would run for pres.. we need someone with a big pair to help un-screw our countries future. do it for children"
we are one nation. when one hurts, we all hurt. we must all work together-to lift each other up.
we are one nation. when one state hurts, we all hurt. we must all work together - to lift each other up.
. @piersmorgan and @omarosa really hate each other.
president said we would never leave a soldier behind. how about the 4 who died in benghazi?
why do we continue to sit idly by while china steals our national security and corporate secrets? china is an enemy, not a friend.
" @barreto_eugenio : @mittromney it's sad, but gop does not want you as their candidate. but we the people do. latinos for trump."
" @cjm8112 : thanks for the golf course in the bronx! what else do you have planned for us? hispanics/latinos love trump!" and i love them!
" @sensanders : i have a message for donald trump: no, we’re not going to hate latinos, we’re not going to hate muslims." i fully agree!
look how bad it is getting! how much more crime, how many more shootings, will it take for african-americans and latinos to vote trump=safe!
“to keep your momentum going you must have intrinsic values as well as monetary values. know when to give back.” – think big
we have to make america great again!
“you have to be patient as well as enthusiastic when it comes to your goals. think big, but be realistic.” – think big
we will only be the land of the free as long as we are home of the brave!
" @mearnest33 agree that you as pres would be a great change but i don't think this country can be turned around in 8 years" it can be done!
entrepreneurs: work on what you will be proud to be associated with. make your work count.
make sure you take some time to enjoy the weekend. important for your mind and will help you be productive next week.
are you a democrat running in a race you should lose? get @karlrove to run an ad against you and you will win.
thank you @donaldjtrumpjr . proud of you!
very exciting week for @trumpdoral . i will be in miami opening what will soon be best resort in . world golf championship this week!
when it comes to violent crime, and if we are going to solve the problem, we must stop being so politically correct-must tell it like it is!
voting for @govgaryjohnson is voting for obama--don't waste your vote!
"if you love what you do, you are going to work harder, you are going to try harder and you will be better at it." - think big
al sharpton said they are "even making it more harder to register people to vote". which is worse, his grammar or his thoughts?
it's jan. 2. president obama should end his vacation early & get back to washington to straighten out the obamacare catastrophe--or end it.
...that it was hard not to end up rooting for trump..."
" @kathyshirer : your country needs you~~donald trump~~ your about the only one in the world; that can get us out of debt!" thank you!
thank you for your support!
" @jaredparker please run for president, mr. trump! the republican party desperately needs someone of your qualifications."
thank you to everyone for the wonderful reviews of my speech on thursday night. from the heart!
wishing everyone a happy memorial day, and a thank you to all the soldiers who protected our great country.
obama and the democrats are laughing at the deal they just made...the republicans got nothing!
democrats try so hard to mock & belittle republicans—& the republicans just don’t fight back—no energy!
the least number of hurricanes in the . in decades. so they change global warming (too cold) to climate change-now what will they call it
" @oldmanconroy : it's called "climate change". no, they changed it to "climate change" when "global warming" wasn't working anymore-too cold!
the chinese talk of climate change and carbon footprint but don't clean up their factories-but they sell us the equipment to clean up ours!
they changed the name global warming to climate change because the concept of global warming just wasn't working!
give me clean, beautiful and healthy air - not the same old climate change (global warming) bullshit! i am tired of hearing this nonsense.
the worst thing hillary could do is have her husband campaign for her. just watch.
ivanka is now on twitter - you can follow her @ivankatrump - have a terrific weekend!
in the just out @foxnews poll, i easily beat hillary clinton - and i havn't even focused on her yet. on our way: make america great again!
if @megynkelly stopped covering me on her show, her ratings would drop like a rock! my h to h interview with @ac360 beat her by millions!
" @michaelurso2 : mr trump did you deny megyn kelly. what is her issue! i used to like her. can't stand her now. very little talent! @foxnews
glad to hear that @jimtalent has put some strong anti-china referendums in the @gop convention platform.
anti-morsi protests are 10 times larger than 2011 anti-mubarek protests. interesting.
the anti-wind turbine movement in scotland against @alexsalmond is amazing--keep going scots, save your country!
“as someone once put it, ‘marriage is the greatest ‘anti-poverty’ program god ever created.’”
" @mark60644 : @megynkelly still cannot figure out this massive base of support for trump is because he is anti- politician.  "
the horrible shooting that took place in san bernardino was an absolute act of terror that many people knew about. why didn’t they report?
great to be back in arizona!
" @_katherinewebb : looking forward to  this weekend in vegas!" great to have our  alabama!
it is so great to be back home! looking forward to a great rally tonight in bethpage, long island!
really looking forward to watching the masters this weekend - one of the greatest shows on earth!
i'm looking forward to the super bowl but looking even more forward to monday night at 8:00 - best episode ever of celebrity apprentice!
getting ready to go to iowa today. big crowd - will be a great day!
getting ready to watch the debate--- as they say "let's get ready to rumble"!
getting ready to go on @kellyandmichael - two great people!
get ready for tonight!
" @phickeyma : we need you for potus because there's a whole lot of people in washington who need to hear the words you're fired!"
tonight's episode of @apprenticenbc is not only the best episode ever, it has a great lesson in life. don't miss it!
michigan has made great progress under snyder-calley. @migop is out early energizing the grassroots. keep it up!
thanks @andreatantaros for all of your kind words and thoughts. big progress is being made. keep up the great work!
james gandolfini was a remarkable talent. he was also a decent man. we will all miss him.
why do we keep broadcasting when we are going to attack syria. why can't we just be quiet and, if we attack at all, catch them by surprise?
" @jimlibertarian @grantrobertb @michaelcohen212 you're damn right we want the truth,we've been lied to 4 years and we've had it.  "
common core is a federal takeover of school curriculum. department of education should be disbanded not expanded. focus on local education.
2012 is the most important election of my lifetime. @barackobama must be defeated.
"@timvincent56: @lindseygrahamsc talkers think about the future, doers are already building it"   "
detroit is going through very hard times right now.. if they are smart, brighter days are ahead.
building a brand is like building a skyscraper-the foundation comes first. the bigger the building, the deeper the foundation needs to be
“don’t let the fear of striking out hold you back.” – babe ruth
" @johnsmi01433966 : the establishment doesn't like you because they can't control you and get you to lie to us and keep ripping us off."
happy 94th birthday to nelson mandela!
it always seems impossible until it is done. --nelson mandela
a good head and a good heart are always a formidable combination. -- nelson mandela
i am on @foxandfriends now! tune in!
am now in . will be going to the . iowa at 5:30 . to speak to our great veterans and other friends!
"but why shouldn't i speak out? don't you speak out in this country?" - george steinbrenner
watch celebrity apprentice, on now!
in las vegas, getting ready to speak!
happy 241st birthday to the @usarmy ! thank you!
if you've got some problems today, that's a good sign--that's life. so give them some thought and make the most of the situation.
@prw_staysfresh that's good news!
good news is melania's speech got more publicity than any in the history of politics especially if you believe that all press is good press!
" @mypresidentme : @ericshawnonfox that's because people are interested in you, & you've got a great sense of humor, unlike hillary
clinton commented in ohio today that @mittromney is right, the economy has not been fixed under  always said bill was an honest man.
do you believe obama just said that america would be "less safe" with a travel ban from west  is the thinking of a total mad man!
i believe america can be great only with proper leadership.
but maybe my biggest beef with obama is his view that there's nothing special or exceptional about america.
don't tread water. get out there and go for it. there's nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface.
is that all there is? we need a new president - fast!
tell iran to let our christian pastor go--and i mean right now. if they don't, there will be hell to pay.
. @cnn and @msnbc need big help in the ratings- i can tell them where they are going wrong.
why doesn't obama let our marines who are guarding the embassies in egypt have live ammunition? they need it fast.
could be a fight over red-heads with @lisalampanelli —this could be good.
friday is the last day to enter the counting sheep for hire contest. click here  and you could win a trip
@phil_grech your not free, you'll never be free. you'll be back (if you ever left) because you can't help yourself!
keep wednesday morning free. you will want to see this!
. @israel could very well be close to attacking iran. could be this election's big october surprise...
terrible attacks in ny, nj and mn this weekend. thinking of victims, their families and all americans! we need to be strong!
my condolences to those involved in today's horrible accident in nj and my deepest gratitude to all of the amazing first responders.
my thoughts and prayers are with the victims and families of those affected by two powerful earthquakes in italy and myanmar.
just like its website, obamacare is a e all those who are fighting it are wasting their time-it will fail on its own!
congratulations to @boston_police , @fbiboston & all emergency first responders & doctors for their excellent work under fire yesterday
without momentum there’s a lack of energy that can lead the best of ideas to nowhere. get your momentum going-- and keep it going.
entrepreneurs: get--and keep--your momentum going. without momentum, a lot of great ideas go nowhere.
he thinks that the wealth you create belongs to the gov't. @barackobama doesn't respect the fact that the money he wastes belongs to us.
still time to get out and vote!
remember to keep going--if you stop, your momentum will stop.
republicans must be careful with immigration—don’t give our country away.
“do more, be more, give more--and everyone will benefit.” – think like a champion
when will pakistan apologize to us for providing safe sanctuary to osama bin laden for 6 years?! some "ally."
florida power & light did a fantastic job of providing service & energy during the big storm in palm beach. @insidefpl
thank you south carolina! together, we will make america great again!
thank you south carolina!
thank you, south carolina!
i will be in south carolina all week. saturday is big, big, big! get out and vote - make america great again
i love being in south carolina. we are leading big in all of the state polls - saturday is a big day. make america great again!
"the bend in the road is not the end of the road unless you refuse to take the turn." – anonymous
this is the best deal the republicans could get?
"if you can't say great things about yourself, who do you think will?" - think like a champion
“what you dream about is what you will do. if you cannot even dream of doing big things, you will never do anything big in life.”- think big
"what you dream about is what you do. if you cannot even dream of doing big things, you will never do anything big."--think big
“do what you can, with what you have, where you are.” - theodore roosevelt
for success: find out what you love to do. trust yourself enough to find out what is best for you and what you're best at doing...
. @megynkelly spent a big part of her show talking about other shows spending so much time on me. really weird, she's being driven crazy!
i will be on @seanhannity tonight at 10pme talking about my new book  and much more!
" @gopjenna : "i don't care about the game, i care about the people." and that's exactly why we the people love you so much!  "
will be on @morning_joe live from new hampshire - 7:00 . talking about the debate and more!
will be on @megynkelly tonight at 9:00. will be talking about everything!
on my way to cedar falls, iowa, now. will be great--i love the people of iowa!
why should we have any defense cuts in any deal? america must remain strong.
in business, you make decisions that are in your best interests. time for the us gov't to do the same. let’s make america great again!
entrepreneurs: listen and learn from others, but make your own decisions. take responsibility for yourself. it's a very empowering attitude!
... it is time to get out and rebuild our own nation.
listen and learn from others but make your own decisions. use your instincts--you alone know where you want to go.
the media is so after me on women wow, this is a tough business. nobody has more respect for women than donald trump!
honor memorial day by thinking of and respecting all of the great men and women that gave their lives for us and our country! we love them.
after tearing w bush down for 12 years, now the media loves him. why not? he gave them obama.
"sometimes the best thing you can do is just let things ride, let time go by." donald j. trump
we have to make america great again!
make america great again!
thank you! we will make america great again!
make america great again! make america safe again!
trump will make america great!!!!
congratulations to our olympic team for by far winning the most medals, including first place gold.
. @anncoulter has been amazing. we will win and establish strong borders, we will build a wall and mexico will pay. we will be great again!
so many people think i will not run for , i wonder what the response will be if i do. even the haters and losers will be happy!
i will be doing @foxandfriends this morning at 8 (not 7).
great going to all of dubai in winning what will be a fantastic  - we will all be there!
i will do far more for women than hillary, and i will keep our country safe, something which she will not be able to do-no strength/stamina!
just for your info, tax returns have 0 to do w/ someone’s net worth. i have already filed my financial statements w/ fec. they are great!
thank you  ,  ! remember this night & spread the word to get out &  !
the economy won't fully recover until @obamacare is fully repealed. it is a job killer!
i don't want to be the only billionaire in america---i want all americans to be rich.
china is not our friend. they are not our ally. they want to overtake us, and if we don’t get smart and tough soon, they will.
@dansalbreiter maybe they don't want to.
think of it, the arab league doesn't want to get involved with syria - but they want us to do their dirty work. how stupid!
"china is our enemy--they want to destroy us" -- redstate interview
when i look at all of the money the special interests and lobbyists are giving to candidates, beware - the candidates are mere puppets $$$$!
" @port3star : @jdiamond1 @cnnpolitics you know he has great vision. the very best. many people have told him so. thousands of people!"
"@zulu_out: you are a man for the people because you know what it is like to be among the people   loves u" thanks
when written in chinese, the word 'crisis' is composed of two characters. one represents danger and the other represents opportunity." jfk
@djloopsfruit that's because i know him-he's a lowlife!
…you can enhance location through promotion and work.
before you vote, think: obama wants to raise taxes, @mittromney wants to lower taxes--need i say more!
president obama wants to change the name of mt. mckinley to denali after more than 100 years. great insult to ohio. i will change back!
re my hair-should i change it? what do you think?
i am the only one who can beat hillary clinton. i am not a mitt romney, who doesn't know how to win. hillary wants no part of "trump"
" @suptsims it's scary to think we have obama for 2 more years. we need a leader like you to change the course of this nation!" thank you.
if any candidate believes that with what we know today we still should have invaded iraq then they are unqualified to be commander-in-chief.
i hope you can go to @oreillyfactor and vote for donald trump in order to make america great again! thanks.
" @rketeltas : rubio isn't experienced enough to be commander in chief. rubio is a carbon copy of obama. we need a true leader vote trump"
crooked hillary clinton is totally unfit to be our president-really bad judgement and a temperament, according to new book, which is a mess!
obama can attend a fundraiser every day but can’t be bothered to get briefed on national security. commander-in-chief?!
"first of all, you don't necessarily need the best location. what you need is the best deal." -- the art of the deal
is that all there is? we need a new president - fast!
"the pessimist sees the difficulty in every opportunity and the optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty." - pres. lincoln
“you don't necessarily need the best location. what you need is the best deal.” – the art of the deal
you don't necessarily need the best location. what you need is the best deal. -- the art of the deal
go out and vote--- this will be the most important election of our time!
most of the world's great riders are at mar-a-lago today for the trump invitational, one of the most important equestrian events of the year
it wasn't only that obama saluted a marine with a cup of coffee in his hand, but why the hell does he have to exit a heli holding coffee?
“most of the time you will need to work hard and stay focused to get to the top – and then work even harder to stay there.” -think big
instead of driving jobs and wealth away, america will become the world's great magnet for innovation and job creation.
instead of driving jobs and wealth away, america will become the world's great magnet for innovation & job creation!
the hedge fund guys (gals) have to pay higher taxes asap. they are paying practically nothing. we must reduce taxes for the middle class!
the middle-class has worked so hard, are not getting the kind of jobs that they have long dreamed of - and no effective raise in years. bad
entrepreneurs: paying attention is a cost effective way of protecting yourself.
the only one to fix the infrastructure of our country is me - roads, airports, bridges. i know how to build, pols only know how to talk!
all those politicians in washington and not one good negotiator.
"sooner or later, those who win are those who think they can." --paul tournier
on 9/11, we pray for the victims and their families of the attack and give thanks to all who have sacrificed for justice & our freedom.
for all of those who have been asking, a big cast announcement coming soon for @apprenticenbc !
for all of those fools that want to attack syria, the  lost the vital element of surprise-so stupid-could be a disaster!
thank you, new hampshire!
thank you new hampshire!
new hampshire is a critical state for both candidates this year. i got to know new hampshire and love it.
new hampshire vote today - make america great again!
" @stephenfhayes : trump, on others who have spoken to  in new hampshire: "with all the people you're listening to, you can forget it.""
self-determination is the sacred right of all free people's, and the people of the uk have exercised that right for all the world to see.
" @babyfuzz1969 : declare your candidacy! right time, right age, right mind w/common sense, right leadership    "
"but why shouldn't i speak out? don't you speak out in this country?" - george steinbrenner
if any candidate believes that with what we know today we still should have invaded iraq then they are unqualified to be commander-in-chief.
more poll results from last nights commander-in-chief forum.
good luck @mittromney tonight--have no doubt you will be great.
thank you to our fantastic veterans. the reviews and polls from almost everyone of my commander-in-chief presentation were great. nice!
who would you rather have negotiating for the . against putin, iran, china, etc., donald trump or hillary? is there even a little doubt?
@ronpaul has some serious ideas which deserve serious consideration. wrong for media to ignore him.
our country is now in serious and unprecedented trouble...like never before.
" @marianoqcasilum : please make it known now that you are a serious candidate for president. we, the american people need you to liberate usa
we need much tougher, much smarter leadership - and we need it now!
our foreign policy decisions are dumbest in . history
good news is that my campaign has perhaps more cash than any campaign in the history of politics- b/c i stand 100% behind everything we do.
now that mitt is gone, all we have to do is get bush to drop out and trump to run—and we will win!
nothing on emails. nothing on the corrupt clinton foundation. and nothing on  .
"there is only one way to avoid criticism: do nothing, say nothing, and be nothing."– aristotle
don't attack syria - an attack that will bring nothing but trouble for the . focus on making our country strong and great again!
. @foxnews you should be ashamed of yourself. i got you the highest debate ratings in your history & you say nothing but bad...
. @foxnews should be ashamed for allowing experts to explain how to make a nuclear attack!
after all is said and done, more is said than done. -- aesop
" @jimlibertarian : @slwstdysque donald has already done many great things,he has woke america up and people are screaming donald everywhere"
the state of iowa should disqualify ted cruz from the most recent election on the basis that he cheated- a total fraud!
" @barmes_andnoble : if donald trump runs for president i will be beyond happy...if he wins i will be beyond, beyond happy" so nice, thanks!
. @foxandfriends in five minutes!
. @foxandfriends in five minutes. enjoy!
"things work out best for those who make the best of how things work out." -- john wooden
yesterday was @barackobama 's favorite day of the year--he collects our taxes to redistribute.
go out and vote--- this will be the most important election of our time!
i will be meeting with the nra, who has endorsed me, about not allowing people on the terrorist watch list, or the no fly list, to buy guns.
without momentum there’s a lack of energy that can lead the best of ideas to nowhere. get your momentum going-- and keep it going.
entrepreneurs: get--and keep--your momentum going. without momentum, a lot of great ideas go nowhere.
remember to keep going--if you stop, your momentum will stop.
keep your momentum. without momentum, a lot of great ideas go nowhere.
“to keep momentum, keep challenging yourself.” – think big
@osafolmik happy birthday and best wishes.
thanks to everyone for your kind birthday wishes -- very nice!
it would be nice if our commander-in-chief was as concerned for our veterans health as he is for illegal immigrants becoming citizens.
more poll results from last nights commander-in-chief forum.
thank you to our fantastic veterans. the reviews and polls from almost everyone of my commander-in-chief presentation were great. nice!
it takes "guts" to win!
final poll results from nbc on last nights commander-in-chief forum. thank you!
keep lightweight marco and his friends out of the white house.
" @derekcarlson : people need to wake up mr. trump. you are the most qualified person to ever run for president of the united states.  "
@gop house has the right bill: “if you like your healthcare plan, you can keep it.” the senate must take it up on a vote!
“if you strike out, nobody is going to help you--not your friends, not the government. you have to look to look out for yourself.”-think big
" @presidency2016 : dr ben carson @realbencarson will just need to sweat it out until donald trump leaves the white house on 20 january 2025."
thank you south carolina!
thank you, south carolina!
thank you for all of your support, south carolina!
thank you for the support, south carolina!
south carolina was so great last night. will be back soon!
hillary will never reform wall street. she is owned by wall street!
wall street paid for ad is a fraud, just like crooked hillary! their main line had nothing to do with women, and they knew it. apologize?
if the wall street protesters are upset about the economy then they should really be protesting @barackobama at the white house.
jobs report is really bad - beyond the worst  bad day on wall street!
@beanann wall street journal & lots of others, including television.
" @oldmanconroy : it's called "climate change". no, they changed it to "climate change" when "global warming" wasn't working anymore-too cold!
thank you! vote in 2016!
word is that crying @glennbeck left the gop and doesn't have the right to vote in the republican primary. dumb as a rock.
make sure to vote today. vote for real change. change that will deliver jobs and a free & strong america. vote for @mittromney .
six hours left to  connecticut!
still time to get out and vote!
new episode starting now!
thank you south carolina!
thank you, south carolina!
thank you for the support, south carolina!
thank you for all of your support, south carolina!
south carolina and the audience were great - thanks!
hillary will never reform wall street. she is owned by wall street!
i have nothing to do with the plaza casino in atlantic city. i have not been involved with atlantic city for many years. used to love .!
. @gma at 7:00 .
i'm leaving for iowa now - will be great!
leaving now - i'm spending the entire day in iowa - great people, great state!
leaving nevada now for iowa. things are looking good - great new polls!
i am leaving for sioux city, iowa - great event (rally).
on my way to iowa. will be landing in des moines in two hours. see ya!
thank you des moines, iowa! governor @mike_pence and i appreciate your support!
a great evening in iowa! thank you des moines area community college for a great forum!
mitt's proposed tax cuts for the middle class will spur record economic growth.
the middle-class has become the new poor in this country and our incompetent politicians are unable to do anything about  don't care!
this is a movement!
... and opened a full month ahead of schedule. case is taught in wharton.
"there is only one way to avoid criticism: do nothing, say nothing, and be nothing."– aristotle
nothing on emails. nothing on the corrupt clinton foundation. and nothing on  .
send me your questions to answer live from @twitternyc later this afternoon.
tweet me your questions for the next  ....
" @nbcsnl : backstage with trump.   "
i hate to say it, but the republican convention was far more interesting (with a much more beautiful set) than the democratic convention!
. @reince is doing a fantastic job for the republican party--hope he gets the credit he deserves.
no matter what happens in the election, @davidaxelrod deserves a lot of credit. he has kept obama in it, even with his terrible record.
obama will be trying very hard at next debate- he doesn't want to lose the boeing.
obama at big debate disadvantage--he just can't get away from his bad record.
he is working hard and for that he must be given credit!
entrepreneurs: don’t ever think you’ve done it all already or that you’ve done your best. you haven't-- so don't limit yourself!
if you don't believe in yourself, no one else will.
entrepreneurs: don't ever think you've done it all already or that you've done your best. don't sell yourself short!
entrepreneurs: don’t sell yourself short. don’t ever think you’ve done it all already or that you’ve done your best.
“you may have to try a lot of things to get just one thing to work. that’s tenacity, and it’s critical to success.” – trump never give up
" @rydercup2014 : all we can say is wow! what would you say? @trumpscotland   "
if you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing, you're right. -- henry ford
just shows that you can have all the cards and lose if you don’t know what you’re doing.
whether you think you can or think you can't---you are right. -- henry ford
whether you think you can or think you can't, you're right. -- henry ford
we have to make america great again!
trump will make america great!!!!
make america great again!
thank you! we will make america great again!
make america great again! make america safe again!
when i was 18, people called me donald trump. when he was 18, @barackobama was barry soweto. weird.
great poll! thank you north carolina!  on 3/15! trump 36% cruz 18% rubio 18% carson 10% kasich 7% via @surveyusa
in order to preserve my options and guarantee that @barackobama is defeated, i changed my voter registration to independent.
entrepreneurs: do your best to your utmost ability every day. make that your standard.
i will be doing fox & friends at 7 (15 minutes). enjoy it and your day!
save your time @rosie and focus on your horrible ratings, and don't mention my name on talk shows anymore or you will get more of the same.
. @cnn is unwatchable. their news on me is fiction. they are a disgrace to the broadcasting industry and an arm of the clinton campaign.
this week the @dnc convention will deliver hard hits on @mittromney . @rnc will regret being soft on @barackobama last week.
. @macmiller 's "donald trump" just hit 60 million hits. maybe i should go into a new business.
qe3, a political favor for obama, will cause record inflation on food and fuel. this hits low income families the hardest. big mistake.
. @vanityfair 's terrible piece on mitt's faith is a new low, even for them.
dopey sugar @lord_sugar i hear your ratings last week were at an all time low--you better get them up or you'll be fired.
when i look at all of the money the special interests and lobbyists are giving to candidates, beware - the candidates are mere puppets $$$$!
" @yayala19 : @politico when the other candidates are talking politics trump is talking solutions. he is the most talented candidate."
" @alyssathgreat : “senjohnmccain is always talking, talking but nothing gets done. these  are living in hell.”  ""
re negotiation: know what you want & think about what the other side wants. know where they’re coming from & do not underestimate them.
tonight on @extratv , i’m talking  . tune-in!
re negotiation: know exactly what you want and keep it to yourself. think about what the other side wants and where they're coming from.
just said at  that "politicians are all talk and no action and we are all tired of it! we need action and results to move forward!"
remember, politicians are all talk and no action - they will never be able to make our country great again! controlled by lobbyists & donors
again, immigration reform is fine—but don’t rush to give away our country. that’s what’s happening!
" @baberuth99 : we've got your back mr. trump! we're not politicians (all talk and no action). just let us know what you need us to do."
politicians are all talk, no action! --- just look at our country.
thank you! vote in 2016!
" @yang_karl : all scott pelley did by being disrespectful was make it easier to make up my mind who to vote for and that will be trump."
good news for those that want to make america great again - i am winning every poll in every state and national - and by big numbers! thanks
thank you for your support!
we are one nation. when one hurts, we all hurt. we must all work together-to lift each other up.
we are one nation. when one state hurts, we all hurt. we must all work together - to lift each other up.
thank you america! together- we will  !
thank you! together we will  !
thank you america! together, we will all  !
@socialmediabowl i have just responded!
when will @barackobama release his transcripts? what is he hiding?
who do you think won?
why won't obama release his college applications? is there something 'foreign' about them?
many people are now saying i won south carolina because of the last debate. i showed anger and the people of our country are very angry!
why did @mittromney give his tax returns without demanding that obama release his college records & applications in return?
@christineinsatx thank you christine.
@chrisr52 happy birthday christine.
@christinejude thanks christine, very nice!
thank you for all of your support! let's  !
thank you america! together, we will all  !
the club for growth said in their ad that 465 delegates (cruz) plus 143 delegates (kasich) is more than my 739 delegates. try again!
. @agschneiderman has never once said that he didn’t ask for campaign contributions during the investigation.
why is lightweight . eric schneiderman allowed to ask for campaign contributions from my people during settlement negotiations?
i have brought millions of people into the republican party, while the dems are going down. establishment wants to kill this movement!
let's not start celebrating over libya until we see who takes over.
heading to trump national doral to check the progress prior to the start of the cadillac championship on thursday. i’ll be there all week
for success: find out what you love to do. trust yourself enough to find out what is best for you and what you're best at doing...
@joeyhatcher you'll have to watch to find out.
who would you most like to see win  ?
how come snowden and obamacare have access to all records and information but don't have even the smallest tidbits on president obama?
we have a sacred duty to care for our vets and their families. veterans deserve universal access to care anywhere and anytime!
“we build too many walls and not enough bridges.” - isaac newton
my persona will never be that of a wallflower - i’d rather build walls than cling to them - j. trump
@shelleysherwin wish your mother a happy birthday.
"diligence is the mother of good luck." --benjamin franklin
diligence is the mother of good luck. -- benjamin franklin
“diligence is the mother of good luck.” - benjamin franklin
my wife, melania, will be on @qvc today @5 pm selling really beautiful jewelry at a very low price. perfect for mother’s day—call in!
"if you don't do your part, don't blame god." - billy sunday
"@savehicno1: mr. trump, i think you ought to do an apprentice show for people to come up for a winning stradegy for you to run in 2016"
“if you want to be successful at anything in life, you have to be able to handle pressure.” – think big
have a great weekend everybody - enjoy yourself but always keep your goals and aspirations in mind. never lose sight of the victory ahead!
“you can’t wear a blindfold in business. a regular part of your day should be devoted to expanding your horizons.” – trump: how to get rich
the reality is that no gun bill will ever stop tragedies. and as we have learned from obamacare, washington only makes things worse!
“tomorrow hopes we have learned something from yesterday.” - john wayne
taxpayers are paying a fortune for the use of air force one on the campaign trail by president obama and crooked hillary. a total disgrace!
when will we stop wasting our money on rebuilding afghanistan? we must rebuild our country first.
we still have not learned the full truth on benghazi. four americans were killed. congress must act!
getting ready to go to iowa today. big crowd - will be a great day!
get ready for tonight!
getting ready to go on @kellyandmichael - two great people!
getting ready to watch the debate--- as they say "let's get ready to rumble"!
getting ready to go to the great state of michigan. big crowd tonight. make america great again!
the costa concordia shipwreck is a monument to stupidity but the uprighting of the ship is a monument to genius!
@mcuban ---- do you mean the president's birthplace?
this is a movement!
re: negotiation: view any conflict as an opportunity. be a diplomat as much as possible.
" @media2commerce : "as long as you're going to be thinking anyway, think big." donald trump"
" @entreprenershp : as long as you’re going to be thinking anyway, think big. – donald trump"
we will only be the land of the free as long as we are home of the brave!
" @hansel_amarilla : “as long as you’re going to be thinking anyway, think big.” –donald trump, the trump organization president"
the ground zero mosque should not go up where planned. it is wrong. my offer still stands to buy the property. good deal for everyone.
. @macy ’s is a big contributor to @ppfa . anybody against planned parenthood should boycott racial profiling macy’s.
. @yankees manager joe girardi is a gritty leader who stands up for his players. doing a great job!
thank you marco, i agree!
why would the people of florida vote for marco rubio when he defrauded them by agreeing to represent them as their senator and then quit!
@protagonisthero he brought them on himself!
policy towards our enemies: hit them hard, hit them fast, hit them often & then tell them it was because they are the enemy!
he is working hard and for that he must be given credit!
great job once again by law enforcement! we are proud of them and should embrace them - without them, we don't have a country!
“you have to be patient as well as enthusiastic when it comes to your goals. think big, but be realistic.” – think big
i'm not going to be watching much nfl football anymore. too time consuming, too boring, too many flags and too soft. focus on other things!
“after every setback, start thinking big as soon as possible.” - think big
think big! you are going to be thinking anyway, so you might as well think big!
i will be in south carolina all week. saturday is big, big, big! get out and vote - make america great again
" @rketeltas : rubio isn't experienced enough to be commander in chief. rubio is a carbon copy of obama. we need a true leader vote trump"
more poll results from last nights commander-in-chief forum.
thank you to our fantastic veterans. the reviews and polls from almost everyone of my commander-in-chief presentation were great. nice!
" @irishfoodtrail @r47r we were at the trump int'l a few weeks ago it's one of the best hotels i've ever stayed in for many reasons" thanks.
final poll results from nbc on last nights commander-in-chief forum. thank you!
for all of my fantastic supporters, and for the ., we are going to win and make america great again, maybe greater than ever before!
america's debt is greater than our gdp. time for new thinking.
we are going to win and make america great again, maybe better than ever before!
we have to make america great again!
is this the new york that ted cruz is talking about & demeaning?
i know it has been many years since our country made great deals, but isn't it about time we start, right now. make america great again!
i can't believe that president obama isn't able or willing to make just one phone call to the family of kate e on pres-make call!
thank you to the greatest heroes
thank you to all of the men and women who have served our country. you are our true heroes!
" @good_ggg @trumpgolf with good service at his clubs imagine the service mr trump could give american people as pres!" true!
thank you to all of our amazing military families, service members, and veterans.
public policy polling (ppp) has just come out with a major poll putting me  with hispanics - leading all republican  you so
3 chief of staffs in less than 3 years of being president: part of the reason why @barackobama can't manage to pass his agenda.
. @t -mobile has so many service complaints - a total joke!
our country is totally divided and our enemies are watching. we are not looking good, we are not looking smart, we are not looking tough!
" @parker_votes : we finally have a voice with let’s do our part & vote in the r primary, 4    "
china is a threat to america. they are not our friend.
thank you to all of the men and women who have served our country. you are our true heroes!
. @nro really important to save national review from going out of business. we need a true conservative voice!
" @woodrowwinters nothing would make me prouder than to see mr. trump in the oval office. business would get done." thanks and true.
the podium in the oval office looks odd! not good, but the words will be the key.
smart move by @barackobama having pres. bill clinton deliver the @dnc convention keynote.
" @nectarusafsm : @kyleraccio i want donald trump to be president. he knows business and people. he needs to be in the oval office, now."
" @bluewaterdays : would rather have a dynamic, experienced businessman than a corrupt professional politician in the oval office donaldtrump"
@alancravey that is something to think about, isn't it!
" @realollietaylor : isn't it time we had a president? let goofy glen keep canada cruz who can't win. the american people have trump!"
thank you for your support!
thank you for all of your support! let's  !
oprah will end up doing just fine with her network--she knows how to win. @oprah
@libertyu @michelebachmann it was an honor for me. thank you.
& together we will  ! thank you for your support!
thank you! together we will  !
either miss pennsylvania will pay, her father will pay or her lawyers will pay. she hurt many people!
i will bring our jobs back to the ., and keep our companies from leaving. nobody else can do it. our economy will "sing" again.
immigration reform really changes the voting scales for the republicans—for the worse!
the republicans will get zero credit for passing immigration reform—and i said zero!
heading to north carolina for two big rallies. will be there soon. we will bring jobs back where they belong!
wisconsin's economy is doing poorly and like everywhere else in ., jobs are leaving. i will make our economy strong again - bring in jobs
just in, big news- i have been declared the winner of the cnmi rep caucus with 72.8% of the vote! thank you!
. @cyndilauper condolences on the passing of your uncle, and best wishes.
" @nectarusafsm : @kyleraccio i want donald trump to be president. he knows business and people. he needs to be in the oval office, now."
the podium in the oval office looks odd! not good, but the words will be the key.
obama is community organizing from the oval office on ferguson today. more riots sure to follow.
happy new year everyone...it will be an interesting one!
"know when to walk away from the table." the art of the deal
if you're passionate about your work, you will never give up.
just shows that you can have all the cards and lose if you don’t know what you’re doing.
whether you think you can or think you can't, you're right. -- henry ford
"whether you think you can or think you can't--you're right." henry ford
if you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing, you're right. -- henry ford
tomorrow is  on @squawkcnbc at 7:30 am et
. @team_mitch fantastic win, we are all proud of you! your victory speech last night was very gracious to an opponent whose speech was not.
when the economy is bad, @barackobama wants to raise taxes. when the economy is good, @barackobama wants to raise taxes. notice a trend?
we can create jobs in the american economy by protecting our own manufacturing sector.
remember this: obama wants to raise taxes, @mittromney wants to lower taxes--need i say more!
if the prez wants to create jobs talk to some business people---not liberal intellectuals.
@swanrose2013 i create jobs!
"good investors are good students. it's as simple as that." - think like a billionaire
join @autismspeaks , and light the world blue on 4/2.  will raise awareness for millions with autism!
join @autismspeaks and light the world blue on 4/2.  will raise awareness for millions with autism!
"sometimes the best thing you can do is just let things ride, let time go by." donald j. trump
thank you west virginia. let's keep it going. go out and vote on tuesday - we will win big.
" @datdudehead : we've got to do something about this left wing socialist regime who has let our country go to hell. calling president trump"
many of bernie's supporters have left the arena. did bernie go home and go to sleep?
...bad decisions can be devastating.
“i have a very strict gun control policy: if there's a gun around, i want to be in control of it.” - clint eastwood
we will immediately repeal and replace obamacare - and nobody can do that like me. we will save $'s and have much better healthcare!
our country should be worried about nuclear control far more than gun control--& that one's not even close!
the only job @barackobama cares about is his own. everything he does is for his own reelection.
barack obama has everything to gain. why would anyone ever deny $5m to charity?
me, by a lot!
big poll just out by @theeconomist has me in 1st. place by a lot. a great honor but we have a long way to go to make america great again!
" @kata2bijak : i know a lot, but one thing i know is that i don't know everything. ~ donald trump"
happy veterans day to all, in particular to the haters and losers who have no idea how lucky they are!!!
the american economy would grow if washington didn’t keep threatening higher taxes and more regulations. government is not the solution.
thank you for your support!
who are your favorites on team power? team plan b?
go vote from now to 8:30 . nevada. i will be at various caucus sites. make america great again!
we have all the cards. now is the time to make a great deal with iran.
great poll- thank you nevada!
the media is so in the tank for obama that it is amazing—the funny thing is, he can’t stand them!
now is the time for the @gop to be united with the mission of electing @mittromney this november. stop with the public divisions.
dishonest media is trying their absolute best to depict a star in a tweet as the star of david rather than a sheriff's star, or plain star!
watch face the nation - will be on now!
i wonder if apple is upset with me for hounding them to produce a large screen iphone. i hear they will be doing it soon—long overdue.
. @pennjillette is an extraordinary entertainer & magician whose star on the hollywood walk of fame is long overdue. very proud of him.
" @sensanders : i have a message for donald trump: no, we’re not going to hate latinos, we’re not going to hate muslims." i fully agree!
@firefighter8597 i love that idea!
today i am working on my 'big surprise' for the @rnc convention. everyone will love it.
we should be focusing on beautiful, clean air & not on wasteful & very expensive global warming bullshit! china & others are hurting our air
we should be focused on clean and beautiful air-not expensive and business closing global warming-a total hoax!
. @foxnews you shouldn’t have @karlrove on the air—he’s a clown with zero credibility—a bushy!
. @karlrove is a failed jeb bushy. never says anything good & never will, even after i beat hillary. shouldn't be on the air!
we should be focused on magnificently clean and healthy air and not distracted by the expensive hoax that is global warming!
americans nationwide have their premiums double and work hours decreased. @gop must do the right thing, stand strong & defund!
"you have to love what you do or you are never going to be successful no matter what you do in life.” - think big
"you have to love what you do or you are never going to be successful no matter what you do in life." - think big
“you have to keep going and moving forward, no matter what is happening around you or to you.” – think like a champion
“do what you can, with what you have, where you are.” - theodore roosevelt
"if you love what you do, you are going to work harder, you are going to try harder and you will be better at it." - think big
answers to your tweets coming soon
that was a great football game.
make sure to enjoy your time with your family during the holiday. it is a special time. love and appreciate your family.
hillary will never reform wall street. she is owned by wall street!
jack welch thinks sam palmisano, retired ceo of ibm, should be the next ceo of microsoft. interesting!
thank you! vote in 2016!
when i was 18, people called me donald trump. when he was 18, @barackobama was barry soweto. weird.
"@jollygoodman181: vote trump for president 2016 americans last hope donald trump... let's take our country back. vote for the "don" 2016"
national debt january 2009 = $10.6 trillion august 2016 = $19.4 trillion
. @dannyzuker don't lie, @apprenticenbc was  in all major demos at 10. do not lie!
goofy elizabeth warren lied when she says i want to abolish the federal minimum wage. see media—asking for increase!
@forq2 are you making less than minimum wage, don't worry, the government will protect you. afraid to give your real name? you should be.
i will bring jobs back and get wages up. people haven't had a real wage increase in almost twenty years. clinton killed jobs!
@scherroe amy is terrific!
“how much money can you stand to lose? that’s how much risk you should assume.” – think like a billionaire
it all comes down to one simple question: how much money can you stand to lose? that’s how much risk you should assume.
@karlrove is a total loser...save your money!
in your planning, know how much risk you can take. evaluate whether the returns will be worth the risk.
i want to see @barackobama 's college records to see how he listed his place of birth in the application.
the nypd has been doing a fantastic job protecting nyc. i hope chief ray kelly is strongly considering running for mayor.
new poll states that a record number of americans have lost all faith in president obama - duh!
amazing that pastor youcef  is now a free man. i hope he is able to practice his christian faith in the future.
america needs a president who can negotiate better deals for the american people.
" @tom38ts i wanted trump to be the president in 2012 the country needs trump to be the next president in 2016"
“always remember that the future comes one day at a time.” - dean acheson
" @popularposters : our country needs a president that knows how to protect our constitution and a president that leads speaks the truth"
" @aguscalo :every time that somebody ask me about my future i always say: "i want to be like donald trump". you're such an inspiration"thanks
if you live in a state with early voting, you should be voting as soon as possible. bring your friends and family with you.
" @belllabooo13 : @aplemonlemon @foxandfriends glad your having a great start to your week! keep it going! run for president! we need you!"
voting for @govgaryjohnson is voting for obama--don't waste your vote!
looked at plans for trump doral country club today. it will be amazing! glad to be in miami.
great success in iowa today. fantastic sold out crowd. will be back soon!
our visa system is broken, like so much else in our country. we better get it fixed really fast. make america great again!
broken promises. a broken billion dollar website. obamacare can’t be fixed. repeal!
"the system is rigged!"
the problem w/ the concept of "global warming" is that the . is spending a fortune on "fixing it" while china & others do nothing!
"@ray_chipendo: we are able to do certain things only because we do not know they are impossible. donald trump"
“do what you can, with what you have, where you are.” - theodore roosevelt
"a nation that cannot control its borders is not a nation." - president ronald reagan
" @b_thornton66 : if you were to run for president, you'd have my vote! you're what this country needs!   "
"if trump became president he would do an amazing job; if obama took over celebrity apprentice, he'd fail." what's your opinion? i agree!
just shows that you can have all the cards and lose if you don’t know what you’re doing.
“you may have to try a lot of things to get just one thing to work. that’s tenacity, and it’s critical to success.” – trump never give up
use your intelligence and your education to execute what your imagination presents to you. this is one step to becoming an entrepreneur.
when it comes to violent crime, and if we are going to solve the problem, we must stop being so politically correct-must tell it like it is!
we have got to take our country back. it's time!
we cannot solve our problems with the same thinking we used when we created them. -- albert einstein
iraq is no longer our problem. we never should have been there in the first place!
" @jimlibertarian @grantrobertb @michaelcohen212 you're damn right we want the truth,we've been lied to 4 years and we've had it.  "
"i aim very high, and then just keep pushing and pushing to get what i'm after." - the art of the deal
can you believe that "president" karzai of afghanistan is holding out for more, more, more and refuses to sign deal. tell him to go to hell!
“do more, be more, give more--and everyone will benefit.” – think like a champion
" @kittreantanner :more interviews, mr trump. the more you talk @what you would do if president, the more people want to hear more from you."
a clinton economy = more taxes and more spending!
"the secret of getting ahead is getting started." -- mark twain
the secret of getting ahead is getting started. -- mark twain
china is pushing north korea!
how much is south korea paying the . for protection against north korea???? nothing!
china has control over north korea!
. @dennisrodman must be thinking of north korea.
i ask again, how much is very wealthy south korea paying the united states for protecting it against north korea?
we don't need another stimulus. the first one was a complete failure. why repeat the same mistake?
if america unlocked its energy potential, we would once again be the most powerful country in the world. washington is holding us back.
my twitter has become so powerful that i can actually make my enemies tell the truth.
if you've got some problems today, that's a good sign--that's life. so give them some thought and make the most of the situation.
thank you for all of your support! most importantly - we need to get everyone out to vote!
the us navy wants to go "green." our navy should use the best & most powerful fuel & not play games. give me a break!
how do you take care of our people if you don't make anything? we don't make anything. we are rapidly losing our manufacturing to china etc.
people do not assume this but more than anything else, i like helping people. be at trump tower at 11 am today.
we have got to take our country back. it's time!
how crazy - 7.5% of all births in . are to illegal immigrants, over 300,000 babies per year. this must stop. unaffordable and not right!
we have a sacred duty to care for our vets and their families. veterans deserve universal access to care anywhere and anytime!
are you expanding your business? interview returning soldiers. give them strong consideration. their sacrifices deserve it.
thank you to all of our amazing military families, service members, and veterans.
on 9/11, we pray for the victims and their families of the attack and give thanks to all who have sacrificed for justice & our freedom.
the 13th season of all star @celebapprentice is unique. we really pushed the envelope here. our great and loyal fans will love it.
you've got something unique to offer. find out what it is. ask yourself: what can i provide that does not yet exist?
hillary will never reform wall street. she is owned by wall street!
wages in are country are too low, good jobs are too few, and people have lost faith in our  need smart and strong leadership now!
wall street paid for ad is a fraud, just like crooked hillary! their main line had nothing to do with women, and they knew it. apologize?
i'm not going to be watching much nfl football anymore. too time consuming, too boring, too many flags and too soft. focus on other things!
occupy wall street is at it again- go out and get a job. it's actually easier work and far more rewarding.
south carolina voters have the future of our country in their hands. vote now (today), and make america great again!
we are trying to fight isis, and now our own people are killing our police. our country is divided and out of control. the world is watching
we have got to take our country back. it's time!
the onus of the chicago teachers' strike falls squarely on the teachers & their union. inexcusable to leave children without school.
thank you to teachers across america! when i become potus we will make education a far more important component of our life than it is now.
@a123r7o thanks, good choice & good luck.
as i have said, the tea party is alive and well and fighting hard for the usa. big win today!
@eawiii thanks and good luck.
@rpmnana thanks, good question/good point.
. @karlrove is far more to blame for obama's victory than the tea party.
this is a movement!
the invention of email has proven to be a very bad thing for crooked hillary in that it has proven her to be both incompetent and a liar!
our way of life is under threat by radical islam and hillary clinton cannot even bring herself to say the words.
hillary clinton's short speech is pandering to the worst instincts in our society. she should be ashamed of herself!
hillary clinton is not qualified to be president because her judgement has been proven to be so bad! would be four more years of stupidity!
happy 4th of july to everyone! make america great again!
happy 4th of july to everyone, including the haters and losers!
"@jsalbertousa: i visited nyc last week and was impressed by all that real estate you have developed in the city. greetings from miami."
i'm urging my friends in brooklyn to vote for bob turner tomorrow--send @barackobama a message.
great going andy roddick! another victory for a fabulous player. brooklyn decker is good luck.
if any candidate believes that with what we know today we still should have invaded iraq then they are unqualified to be commander-in-chief.
more poll results from last nights commander-in-chief forum.
“think of yourself as a one-man army. you’re not only the commander in chief, you’re the soldier as well.” – think like a billionaire
"think of yourself like a one-man army. you're not only the commander in chief, you're the soldier as well." – think like a billionaire
final poll results from nbc on last nights commander-in-chief forum. thank you!
how can any senator vote for hagel as sec. of defense after that horrific hearing? he is not up for the job but will probably get it.
... is a third party coming? i hope not.
. @latoyajackson & @omarosa are not likely to become friends –ever!
" @moflatley : were likely paid w/ public funds for original services, now likely to get nearly half of settlement….  "
my thoughts and prayers are with the victims and families of those affected by two powerful earthquakes in italy and myanmar.
thoughts and prayers for those in the floods affecting the great people of south carolina.
my prayers and condolences to the victims and families of the terrible tragedy in nice, france. we are with you in every way!
thoughts and prayers to the families of the four great marines killed today.
i'm looking forward to the super bowl but looking even more forward to monday night at 8:00 - best episode ever of celebrity apprentice!
"experience is not what happens to you; it's what you do with what happens to you." -- aldous huxley
let’s see what happens in the boardroom…
thank you- new york! i love you!
thank you new york! i love you!
thank you to all of our amazing military families, service members, and veterans.
thank you to our fantastic veterans. the reviews and polls from almost everyone of my commander-in-chief presentation were great. nice!
it would be nice if our commander-in-chief was as concerned for our veterans health as he is for illegal immigrants becoming citizens.
"think of yourself like a one-man army. you're not only the commander in chief, you're the soldier as well." – think like a billionaire
“think of yourself as a one-man army. you’re not only the commander in chief, you’re the soldier as well.” – think like a billionaire
" @b_thornton66 : if you were to run for president, you'd have my vote! you're what this country needs!   "
@anthonynotweet make sure you are doing what you love to do. you need passion to keep you going.
" @scott23youmans : if you run, i will vote for you. if you don't, shame on you. be cool!
make sure to vote today. vote for real change. change that will deliver jobs and a free & strong america. vote for @mittromney .
if you can’t focus with unyielding resolve, then you will never be successful. believe in yourself and you can accomplish your goals.
remember, china is not a friend of the united states!
 @midlandmainline @dmregister who else is as qualified as the donald, it needs a man who makes thing happen there's only one  trump
" @derekcarlson : people need to wake up mr. trump. you are the most qualified person to ever run for president of the united states.  "
sanders says he wants to run against me because he doesn't want to run against me. he would be so easy to beat!
" @vinnie_vegas_76 :donald why don't you run for president. if you run the usa like you run your businesses, the usa would be a better place."
" @hillarysusans : @ivankatrump your dad is awesome. he should run for president. he could raise the country like he raised his kids and wow."
our very stupidly run country better stop being so "politically correct" or we won't have a country to run anymore!
" @gkohlschmidt : @slumpcityusa run donald run!!! we are sick of stupid politicians who don't know how to run anything except a campaign!"
together, we will make america safe and great again!
" @nicoleamarin : i can't wait to watch this season of  @donaldjtrumpjr i can't wait to watch @brandiglanville dominate!"
if ted cruz is so opposed to gay marriage, why did he accept money from people who espouse gay marriage?
but whenever she sees me, she kisses my ass. she's disgusting. @bettemidler
now michelle nunn will not admit she voted for obama. of course she did. nunn supports obamacare & is anti-second amendment.
.cnn & @cnnpolitics lawyer elizabeth beck did a terrible job against me, she lost (i even got legal fees). i loved beating her,she was easy
crooked hillary called it totally wrong on brexit - she went with obama - and now she is saying we need her to lead. she would be a disaster
we are going to win and make america great again, maybe better than ever before!
. @ericbolling you can do much better than you did tonight on @oreillyfactor . better luck tomorrow!
iran has never had a better friend than obama.
" @joehos18 : trump 96% success rate in business, only 4 out of 100+ companies went south. better than any other candidate. better than all"
"i don't believe you have to be better than everybody else. i believe you have to better than you ever thought you could be." - ken venturi
more and more americans seem fed up with both parties----i agree.
new episode starting now!
“a vampire with a day pass?” we are in @thegarybusey land.
it's easy to see why americans are sick of career politicians and both parties.
on 9/11, we pray for the victims and their families of the attack and give thanks to all who have sacrificed for justice & our freedom.
"sooner or later, those who win are those who think they can." --paul tournier
today is the 53rd anniversary of the march on washington - today we honor the enduring fight for justice, equality and opportunity.
we only want to admit those who love our people and support our values.
for all of those who have been asking, a big cast announcement coming soon for @apprenticenbc !
thank you- baton rouge, louisiana! we will  !
get ready for tonight!
getting ready to watch the debate--- as they say "let's get ready to rumble"!
the american people agree. no free pass for  !
@dannyzuker , are you ready for the deal?
i'm sending lots of bottled water out to staten island & long island.
thank you rhode island!
get ready for tonight!
getting ready to watch the debate--- as they say "let's get ready to rumble"!
thank you for a great day yesterday, rhode island!
" @michaelurso2 : mr trump did you deny megyn kelly. what is her issue! i used to like her. can't stand her now. very little talent! @foxnews
the worst thing hillary could do is have her husband campaign for her. just watch.
if @megynkelly stopped covering me on her show, her ratings would drop like a rock! my h to h interview with @ac360 beat her by millions!
quote: "if you have health insurance, you're not getting hit with a tax."
total misnomer to call obamacare ‘the affordable care act.’ affordable for whom besides big businesses & congress w/their exemptions?
thank you  ,  ! remember this night & spread the word to get out &  !
i’m self-funding and i am going to take care of the people – not the special interests and insurance companies like the other candidates.
" @greta : if the insurance companies are making lots of money and the  uninsured is still large,obamacare is a failure since so expensive
in my opinion, one of the worst utility companies in the country is florida power and light.
china is buying so many of our companies-- it’s really getting bad.
quote: "if you have health insurance, you're not getting hit with a tax."
just got back from iowa, great people!
remember, the terrible 5 for 1 trade whereby the taliban got back leaders (killers) and we got back a nothing, will come back to haunt .!
we have got to take our country back. it's time!
just got back from iowa - had a great time with amazing people. will be back soon!
just got back from new hampshire. great crowd, great people! will be back soon!
we have got to take our country back. it's time!
@richardroeper yes, you can't allow people to scam you & rip you off.
our next president must stop china's rip-off of america.
you must promise that you will never cheat off manti te’o’s test papers.
if you're going to be thinking, you may as well think big.
“a failure or setback is not a defeat. defeat is a state of mind. you are defeated only when you accept defeat.” – think big
"never confuse a single defeat with a final defeat." ― f. scott fitzgerald
“never confuse a single defeat with a final defeat.” - f. scott fitzgerald
crooked hillary just can't close the deal with bernie. it will be the same way with isis, and china on trade, and mexico at the border. bad!
i will defeat crooked hillary clinton on 11/8/2016.
"you have to love what you do or you are never going to be successful no matter what you do in life." - think big
"you have to love what you do or you are never going to be successful no matter what you do in life.” - think big
"if you love what you do, you are going to work harder, you are going to try harder and you will be better at it." - think big
“you have to keep going and moving forward, no matter what is happening around you or to you.” – think like a champion
@random5 you can and you will--work hard.
good news is that my campaign has perhaps more cash than any campaign in the history of politics- b/c i stand 100% behind everything we do.
jeb bush spent more than $40,000,000 in new hampshire to come in 4 or 5, i spent $3,000,000 to come in 1st. big difference in capability!
success requires 100% effort and 100% focus. nothing less.
just out: trump gop debate - 18,000,000. clinton democrat debate - 6,700,000. and they were on major network vs. cable!
be totally focused. being successful requires nothing less than 100% of your concentrated effort.
thank you for your support!
thank you for all of your support! let's  !
& together we will  ! thank you for your support!
thank you for your support! together we can  !
thank you for your continued support!
have time to waste? go to the obamacare website.
congratulations to my catholic friends on the selection of pope francis i to lead the catholic church. people that know him love him!
i don’t like seeing the pope standing at the checkout counter (front desk) of a hotel in order to pay his bill. it’s not pope-like!
voting for @govgaryjohnson is voting for obama--don't waste your vote!
if you live in a state with early voting, you should be voting as soon as possible. bring your friends and family with you.
to all @mittromney supporters, make sure you have taken advantage of early voting now so you can gotv on election day.
we are asking law enforcement to check for dishonest early voting in florida- on behalf of little marco rubio. no way to run a country!
when will @barackobama release his transcripts? what is he hiding?
@dalhines thanks--they are good kids!
tonight on @extratv , i’m talking  . tune-in!
i will be on @marklevinshow at 8pm tonight. tune in!
i am on @foxandfriends now! tune in!
i will be on piers morgan live tonight at 9 . on cnn. tune in!
tonight's episode of the apprentice is one you won't want to miss! be sure to tune in--10 . on nbc.
isis gained tremendous strength during hillary clinton's term as secretary of state. when will the dishonest media report the facts!
"what you dream about is what you do. if you cannot even dream of doing big things, you will never do anything big."--think big
“what you dream about is what you will do. if you cannot even dream of doing big things, you will never do anything big in life.”- think big
i have a dream that our country will be great again!
"it does not cost anything to dream. spend your time enjoying your big dreams." -- think big
way to go @serenawilliams - you are a true champion. proud of you!
entrepreneurs: put everything you've got into what you're doing. know exactly what you want and go for it. nothing should be haphazard.
what is he reading?
i call jeb bush the reluctant warrior --- he just doesn't want to be doing this, he is not having fun!
..... he knows i don’t respect him.
"he who knows when he can fight and when he cannot, will be victorious." -- sun tzu
" @barrybnice good work on trump doral. that was a tough test for the best golfers in the world." thank you.
"sometimes the best thing you can do is just let things ride, let time go by." donald j. trump
thank you for all of your support! let's  !
thank you west virginia. let's keep it going. go out and vote on tuesday - we will win big.
let’s all take a moment to remember all of the heroes from a very tragic day that we cannot let happen again!
" @jaredwyand : let's be clear..  is about "never someone we don't own" you either play into it & let them win or vote trump.
thank you, america!  via @drudge_report
via @slate : who won the  ?
@edwardashton30 true and true!
@ms2202 true and true!
@tvtango @billrancic great reminder--thanks.
. @mcuban letterman @late_show had his best ratings with me--and you bombed. people don't care about mark cuban.
why are we building a $1billion embassy in iraq when the country kicked us out, didn't give us any oil & is about to get taken over by iran?
us should have told libya "rebels" --- give us 50% of your oil for our military support.
i watched mark cuban on jay leno last night - what a jerk!
happy birthday to my wonderful daughter, @ivankatrump .
we are going to make our country so strong again, so great again. no more ripping off the united states. we will make america great again!
"@mondrian70 the donald would be huge boost for the  . such an icon! i know it would be a huge boost to the franchise & nfl." @nflcommish
" @123jayne : that's our president! that's why we need you to run in 2016! i know you would never waste our money! president trump"
we should cut off all aid to every country that does not respect our border. why are we giving them money in the first place?
why are we giving away our entire strategy and tactics we will deploy against isis? it puts our troops at a disadvantage.
whether @reppaulryan's plan is sound fiscal policy is not the relevant issue, the issue is strategic timing. why release it now?
get the big picture--but be prepared for the picture to change. where there's a will, there's a win. think positively!
get the big picture but be prepared for the picture to change. be persistent and alert every single day.
"entrepreneurs must have vision plus the power of focus... to see the future and turn their vision into a profitable reality."
look how bad it is getting! how much more crime, how many more shootings, will it take for african-americans and latinos to vote trump=safe!
obama spoke to the mexican president last week & did not mention umc sgt. tahmooressi. sad!
thank you- new york! i love you!
thank you new york! i love you!
is this the new york that ted cruz is talking about & demeaning?
only two weeks until we start shooting @celebapprentice . we really have something amazing for the fans this year.
yesterday in iowa was amazing - two speeches in front of two great sold out crowds. they love that i am the only candidate self-funding!
to all of those who asked, i predicted two weeks ago and again last night that dwight howard would go to  i get congrats-insight?
wow, the dallas event in two weeks looks like a big winner! get your tickets (american airlines center) fast!
two people fired very early on celebrity apprentice tonight at 9 leading up to next weeks live finale. don't get angry at me tonight!
the final five—this has been a fight—and i think the fight will continue…
...terrible for the economy and a job killer. china is laughing at us!
if obama has to re-fight this fight next year he loses -- "watch the fine details in every deal" -- the art of the deal
a really bad night for president obama. now the republicans have to get together and get the job done!
" @ladyzales : you're the only one for the job! you never take any crap from anyone and that's the kind of president i want!  "
i will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 . will be talking about many things, including the apprentice!
thank you for your support! together we can  !
thank you! together we will  !
sad to watch bernie sanders abandon his revolution. we welcome all voters who want to fix our rigged system and bring back our jobs.
thank you america! together- we will  !
"the system is rigged!"
crooked hillary has been fighting isis, or whatever she has been doing, for years. now she has new ideas. it is time for change.
so, a woman in chicago, who never had a job, has 9 kids with 7 different men (she is one of many). these kids will never work. trouble!
crooked hillary called it totally wrong on brexit - she went with obama - and now she is saying we need her to lead. she would be a disaster
great poll florida - thank you!
great poll- florida! thank you!
great new poll florida - thank you!
thank you tampa, florida!
on my way to iowa. will be landing in des moines in two hours. see ya!
thank you des moines, iowa! governor @mike_pence and i appreciate your support!
a great evening in iowa! thank you des moines area community college for a great forum!
the least number of hurricanes in the . in decades. so they change global warming (too cold) to climate change-now what will they call it
" @thebrodyfile : always great to visit with @thebrodyfile one-on-one with "the donald" in des moines this afternoon  "
it is great to meet fellow patriots at the  book signings. can't wait to meet more today at trump tower from 12pm to 2pm
nielson media research final numbers on acceptance speech: trump 32.2 million. clinton 27.8 million. thank you!
7 million americans are going to lose their jobs due to obamacare. 46 million face 300% premium increases. defund!
" @ausbiz : record 14 million primary votes/beat 16 opponents/financed own campaign. you will be a great potus &  "
over 2 million people have lost their jobs since @barackobama became potus. how many of them still have healthcare?
don't ever forget, we will, together, make america great again!
the hostess closing did not have to happen--should have been an easy deal to make.
nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm. -- ralph waldo emerson
mitt did the right thing—not because he had to-- but because he never would have been given a second chance after his first fiasco
in some ways it is sad. we all wanted @barackobama to succeed. it's not worked out that way.
i wonder if i run for president, will the haters and losers vote for me knowing that i will make america great again? i say they will!
thank you new york, and pennsylvania!
@davidshuster i don't, but europeans are being discriminated against--very unfair!
" @paulrsidneyuk : i cannot believe the increase in illegals here in san antonio texas. we are the minority constantly discriminated against
"they succeed, because they think they can." -- virgil
boycott mexico until they release our marine. with all the money they get from the ., this should be an easy one. no respect!
" @wizhether : donaldtrump keep it up! they're attacking you because they're afraid. you're winning! we who love our country have your back!"
snowden has given serious information to china and russia-anyone who thinks otherwise is a dope! he is a traitor who fled-he knew the crime!
i know our complex tax laws better than anyone who has ever run for president and am the only one who can fix them.  @nytimes
...and says something is seriously wrong. he will never go down as great!
who says obama will do better in the next debate- has he gotten smarter in 2 weeks!
refugees from syria are now pouring into our great country. who knows who they are - some could be isis. is our president insane?
to the brave men and women, past and present, in our armed services- best wishes on veterans day.
remember our brave men & women who have fallen protecting our country this memorial day!
thank you- baton rouge, louisiana! we will  !
heading to baton rouge, louisiana for a speech. expecting a very large crowd! see you soon.
i am in baton rouge where the miss usa pageant will be shown live on nbc on sunday night for 3 hours starting at 8 . incredible show!
just landed in baton rouge, louisiana. reports are out that lines are three quarters of a mile to get in. wow!
just toured baton rouge, louisiana - great people, fantastic place, doing really well. miss usa pageant totally sold rrow night, nbc
do you think the 14 african nations that are banning west africans from coming into their nations are racist?
14 african nations have totally banned west africans from entering their nations. likewise many other nations. but the . = "come on in"
do you think the 14 african nations that are banning west africans from coming into their nations are being called racists? perhaps not!
if @megynkelly stopped covering me on her show, her ratings would drop like a rock! my h to h interview with @ac360 beat her by millions!
put kathleen sebelius out of her misery and lovingly say, you're fired! let her go home to her family and rest. bring in top flight people!
watch my wife melania trump tonight on @qvc at 1 . so proud of her!
my wife melania trump's show was a tremendous success last night. in case you missed her, you can see her again tonight on @qvc at 7 pm et
i was invited by caroline wozniacki to sit with her family in her special box during her match at the . open yesterday. she's fantastic!
the ground zero mosque should not go up where planned. it is wrong. my offer still stands to buy the property. good deal for everyone.
this is amateur night - who the hell is in charge of this production?
if you’re sitting in an office working in a job you hate, then it’s time to think big and plan your next step…
the upcoming record 13th season of @celebapprentice is going to be very special. our production team's ingenuity is amazing.
" @pjpaton : wind farms have scarred the british landscape&turned the public against the renewable energy agenda! see, i was ahead of our time
iraq is no longer our problem. we never should have been there in the first place!
" @lisabrossman : @ukcatwoman52 @ericnlin @ac360 he is for america! security for america! jobs for america! there is no other leader!"
“no one remembers who came in second.” – walter hagen
“no one remembers who came in second.” - walter hagen
in massachusetts --- the place is packed!
i'll be on @foxandfriends on monday at 7:30 am--tune in!
i'll be on @foxandfriends on monday at 7:30 am. tune in!
i'm on @foxandfriends this monday at 7:30 am. tune in!
i'll be on @foxandfriends monday at 7:30 am. tune in!
i'll be on @foxandfriends on monday at 7:30 am...be sure to tune in.
success comes with hard work, focus and luck. the luck comes to those who seek it out. if you are not in the game, you cannot get lucky.
. @cnn is all negative when it comes to me. i don't watch it anymore.
when it comes to violent crime, and if we are going to solve the problem, we must stop being so politically correct-must tell it like it is!
the united states cannot continue to make such bad, one-sided trade deals. there are only so many jobs we can give up. no more!
“never give up on yourself.” – think big
"@joedurak if jeb is the nominee hillary is our next president."
my heart goes out to the people of boston on this terrible day!
my heart & prayers go out to all of the victims of the terrible  tragedy. this madness must be stopped, and i will stop it.
my prayers and condolences to the victims and families of the terrible tragedy in nice, france. we are with you in every way!
pat buchanan gave a fantastic interview this morning on @cnn - way to go pat, way ahead of your time!
...bad decisions can be devastating.
today is the first day of the rest of your life - make the most of it!
crooked hillary called it totally wrong on brexit - she went with obama - and now she is saying we need her to lead. she would be a disaster
like her or not, hillary did what she had to do in the debate last night—get through it. her opponents were very gentle and soft!
even though bernie sanders has lost his energy and his strength, i don't believe that his supporters will let crooked hillary off the hook!
many of hillary’s donors are the same donors as jeb bush’s—all rich, will have total control—know them well.
in tampa, florida- thank you to all of our outstanding volunteers who want to  !
. @neilyoung a few months ago neil young came to my office looking for $$ on an audio deal & called me last week to go to his concert. wow!
be sure to watch the celebrity apprentice on sunday at 9 pm on nbc. it's an episode you'll want to see---and one you won't forget!
it was truly an honor to introduce my wife, melania. her speech and demeanor were absolutely incredible. very proud!
thank you new york, i will never forget!
be sure to watch the apprentice tonight, 10 . on nbc--it's an episode you won't forget!
thank you new jersey!
last night in his sotu, @barackobama claimed that he is a friend of israel. does anyone really believe that.
@dalhines thanks--they are good kids!
formal acceptance of the nomination!
china is not our friend. they are not our ally. they want to overtake us, and if we don’t get smart and tough soon, they will.
i don’t know why the @yankees keep paying a-rod—they have a perfect out.
"they succeed, because they think they can." -- virgil
congrats to team usa & capt. @allenwronowski for retaining the pga cup! well done and well deserved!
what's the primary ingredient for success? passion. you have to love what you're doing or you won't get too far.
i'm not going to be watching much nfl football anymore. too time consuming, too boring, too many flags and too soft. focus on other things!
@bornagain8344 will they pay us for the help-they have plenty of money (oil).
great win by the @nyjets yesterday. if they run the table, they will make the playoffs.
. @jebbush was terrible on face the nation today. being at 2% and falling seems to have totally affected his confidence. a basket case!
do you think that hillary clinton will apologize to me for the lie she told about "the video" of me being used by isis. there is no video.
happy easter - have a great day!
happy easter to all, have a great day!
happy thanksgiving everyone, enjoy your day!
happy father's day to all, even the haters and losers!
mechanical dog is going to be trending tonight.
can't wait to meet patriotic small business owners next week in sarasota and tampa! hey @barackobama , we did build it!
“becoming an entrepreneur is a personal-development program. if you grow personally, your business will grow.” – midas touch
the residential real estate market continues to provide opportunities for first time home owners. buy now if you can!
" @shawnslawns4u : @terrykimk93 @wsj this coming election is the most important presidential election in my lifetime vote for trump"
2012 is the most important election of my lifetime. @barackobama must be defeated.
go out and vote--- this will be the most important election of our time!
the 2012 election is the most important in my lifetime. we must nominate a candidate who will win and will roll back @barackobama 's damage.
"i believe this book will rock a lot of people. don't just read  but share it with your friends and family!" -rushlimbaugh
the new @barackobama motto - "you own nothing, not even your own success" ...
veterans, please call 855- vets- 352 or email address veterans@ to share your stories about the need to reform the va.
"if your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader." – john quincy adams
“do more, be more, give more--and everyone will benefit.” – think like a champion
as a former host of saturday night live, i look forward to attending tonight!
i look forward to my press conference @trumpturnberry scotland this wednesday--lots of great people attending.
looking forward to attending the great rev. @billygraham ’s birthday party tonight--there's nobody like him!
i wonder if traitor edward snowden will be attending the miss universe pageant in moscow on november 9th.
honored to be attending rev. @billygraham ’s 95th birthday. his life & work has brought hope & faith to millions worldwide.
"the ones who are crazy enough to think that they can change the world, are the ones who do." -- steve jobs
maybe obama should donate my $5m to the families of the 17 who have lost loved ones during the storm?
“if you don't have time to do it right, when will you have time to do it over?” - john wooden
@thulisakanzi have the arab league do it and pay for it.
after being ripped off for years, obama finally figured out that china is taking advantage of us. he's finally listening to me.
"the only way to do great work is to love what you do." – steve jobs
we pay a disproportionate share of the cost of . why? it is time to renegotiate, and the time is now!
i'm sending lots of bottled water out to staten island & long island.
thank you rhode island!
thank you for a great day yesterday, rhode island!
the more you know, the more you realize how much you don't know. how can you possibly discover anything if you already know everything?
" @kata2bijak : i know a lot, but one thing i know is that i don't know everything. ~ donald trump"
" @fenitaayu1 : i know a lot, but one thing i know is that i don't know everything. ~ donald trump"
" @kittreantanner :more interviews, mr trump. the more you talk @what you would do if president, the more people want to hear more from you."
obama’s rollout of his isis war plan is another unmitigated disaster. the generals must be furious.
" @baberuth99 : we've got your back mr. trump! we're not politicians (all talk and no action). just let us know what you need us to do."
we have got to take our country back. it's time!
"the worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it."
the . should not be giving away our strategy & tactics to the enemy so they can prepare. just go and do what you have to do!
where is the progress in the state of new york over the last three years? there is none--only backwards.
what a great evening we had. so interesting that sanders beat crooked hillary. the dysfunctional system is totally rigged against him!
thank you for all of your support! most importantly - we need to get everyone out to vote!
bernie sanders totally sold out to crooked hillary clinton. all of that work, energy and money, and nothing to show for it! waste of time.
why did we spend billions of our money on libya if we are not going to get any of the country's oil? what do we get out of this?
now that mitt is gone, all we have to do is get bush to drop out and trump to run—and we will win!
just shows that you can have all the cards and lose if you don’t know what you’re doing.
the more you know, the more you realize how much you don't know. how can you possibly discover anything if you already know everything?
remember, if you do not promote yourself no one else will. when you have success, let people know about it.
pay attention to details. if you don't know every aspect of what you're doing, you're setting yourself up for some big surprises.
re negotiation: know what you want & think about what the other side wants. know where they’re coming from & do not underestimate them.
" @rcoldwellbanker : i wear a suit everyday to be professional but i top it off with a  to say i'm on top of my game and successful."
i am starting to think that there is something seriously wrong with president obama's mental health. why won't he stop the flights. psycho!
honor memorial day by thinking of and respecting all of the great men and women that gave their lives for us and our country! we love them.
stopped by @trumpdc to thank all of the tremendous men & women for their hard work!
thank you to all of the men and women who have served our country. you are our true heroes!
84% of us troops wounded & 70% of our brave men & women killed in afghanistan have all come under obama. time to get out of there.
" @danforc as a legal immigrant i'm so glad someone standing up for us, the millions who do things by the book to earn our place here" thx
hillary's bad tax habit!
"we are what we repeatedly do. excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit." -- aristotle
we are what we repeatedly do. excellence, therefore, is not an act but a habit. -- aristotle
thank you for your support!
this was a great evening- i would like to thank everyone for their wonderful support.
who would you like to see on next season of  ? let us know- everyone wants to be on it.
thank you for all of your support! most importantly - we need to get everyone out to vote!
thank you for all of your support! let's  !
in light of newtown, our country has to pull together.
china, russia and iran are laughing at us. we have weak leaders who are threatening our national security. dangerous times.
our country is totally split right now but someday it will come together!
iraq is falling apart fast - two trillion dollars and so many deaths - bush got us in and obama took far too long to get us out!
" @baberuth99 : we've got your back mr. trump! we're not politicians (all talk and no action). just let us know what you need us to do."
" @sallyavicii2014 : @realollietaylor agree this is the only time  have been more involved in president elections since kennedy!!!"
hillary clinton strongly stated that there was "absolutely no connection" between her private work and that of the state department. lie!
why would the people of texas support ted cruz when he has accomplished absolutely nothing for them. he is another all talk, no action pol!
wow, ted cruz falsely suggested marco rubio mocked the bible and was just forced to fire his communications director. more dirty tricks!
quote: "if you have health insurance, you're not getting hit with a tax."
@dannyzuker @andyrichter danny, you're not having fun, you are getting your ass kicked - afraid to make the deal?
"don't take vacations. what's the point? if you're not enjoying your work, you're in the wrong job." -- think like a billionaire
" @b_thornton66 : if you were to run for president, you'd have my vote! you're what this country needs!   "
be passionate. if you love what you're doing, success will follow.
" @modivmusic i've been reading @therealkiyosaki books and about @warrenbuffett lately. i need some trump books to read!" the art of the deal
" @modivmusic i've been reading @therealkiyosaki books and about warrenbuffett lately. i need some trump books to read!" the art of the deal"
" @mrtohney : leicester & donaldtrump seem to have the same trajectory, both were written off, but they keep scaling the heights. history?
"i've read many books about china over the decades. i know the chinese and made a lot of money with them." the art of the deal
rush limbaugh is great, tells it as he sees it---really honorable guy! thanks rush!
president obama missed the deadline!
between libya, the national security leaks and fast & furious, obama has had more national security scandals than any other president.
he thinks that the wealth you create belongs to the gov't. @barackobama doesn't respect the fact that the money he wastes belongs to us.
i am the only potential owner of the @buffalobills who will keep the team in buffalo, where it belongs!
pres. obama should leave the baseball game in cuba immediately & get home to washington- where a  , under a serious emergency belongs!
@alancravey that is something to think about, isn't it!
. @bettemidler talks about my hair but i'm not allowed to talk about her ugly face or body --- so i won't. is this a double standard?
thank you south carolina!
thank you, south carolina!
thank you for the support, south carolina!
leaving for the great state of south carolina now to make a speech about how to make our country great again!
south carolina and the audience were great - thanks!
re: immigration. do the republicans not realize that dems will get 100% of 11 million votes no matter what they do?
off to nashville and the nra.
go out and vote--- this will be the most important election of our time!
"imagination is more important than knowledge." --albert einstein
thank you to teachers across america! when i become potus we will make education a far more important component of our life than it is now.
" @roniseale : the american people deserve a wall to protect our jobs, economy and our safety. i am the only candidate who would build it."
@johan_jwc because he paid me far more than it was worth!
this was the reporters statement- when she found out there was tape from my facility, she changed her tune.
ted cruz poll numbers are down big. because he was born in canada and was, until recently, a canadian citizen, many believe he cannot run!
thank you south carolina!
thank you, south carolina!
thank you for the support, south carolina!
" @michaelglassner : a great day in south carolina for donaldtrump &  !    "
thank you for all of your support, south carolina!
voting for @govgaryjohnson is voting for obama--don't waste your vote!
thank you west virginia. let's keep it going. go out and vote on tuesday - we will win big.
get out and vote west virginia, we will make america great again!
" @joenbc : fox calls virginia for trump. if it holds, it's a big win for trump and a big setback for rubio, who needed to win the state.
thank you west virginia!
the ows protesters are doing nothing to advance the interests of the 99%. time for them to go home!
turn on @oreillyfactor now and enjoy true brilliance!
in the upcoming new year we will focus like never before - if we do that we will have complete and total victory in all we do!
such a great honor to be the republican nominee for president of the united states. i will work hard and never let you down! america first!
" @riggs101 : carl icahn: donald trump is completely correct that "we are in a bubble like you've never seen before"
" @girldaytrader : our new president will provide something we've never had before.  even if it hurts.   "
. @billmaher was so nervous talking about me on the @jayleno show—i’ve never seen him like that!
going to new hampshire in a little while. big crowds!  !
new hampshire vote today - make america great again!
thank you, new hampshire!
thank you new hampshire!
new hampshire is a critical state for both candidates this year. i got to know new hampshire and love it.
many people have asked recently "when do you sleep?" the answer is -- not much.
it is only the people that were never asked to be vp that tell the press that they will not take the position.
@shanesgranny thanks and happy holidays.
wishing everyone a very happy holiday season!
happy new year to all my jewish friends celebrating the holiday.
@jaimeennis @examinercom thanks jaime, happy holidays
from donald trump: wishing everyone a wonderful holiday & a happy, healthy, prosperous new year. let’s think like champions in 2010!
thank you new hampshire!
thank you, new hampshire!
today's third stop- londonderry, new hampshire! thank you!
new hampshire is a critical state for both candidates this year. i got to know new hampshire and love it.
fox news poll thank you, new hampshire!
" @donaldtrumpfink : . @govmikehuckabee : if donald becomes president, he will do a whole lot more to protect us than hillary will."
" @stonezipper : @stephenfhayes donald trump if he stops running for president he's not what we the people think he is." will never happen!
" @kata2bijak : i know a lot, but one thing i know is that i don't know everything. ~ donald trump"
" @fenitaayu1 : i know a lot, but one thing i know is that i don't know everything. ~ donald trump"
i got to know @johnboehner very well—he is a great guy who will do the right thing for the country!
@vincegraff because my mother was born in scotland & it will be destroyed by windfarms.
" @continuum9112 : wouldn't life as the president of the greatest country in the world be pretty boring compared to your life?" interesting!
congratulations to my daughter ivanka and her husband jared on the birth of their daughter arabella rose yesterday.
i'm in scotland to open what we hope to be the greatest golf course in the world--- it's amazing.
for all who have been asking, my mother was a great beauty and a wonderful person. here we are with my father-
same failing @nytimes "reporter" who wrote discredited women's story last week wrote another terrible story on me today- will never learn!
to be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment.-- ralph waldo emerson
to be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment. -- ralph waldo emerson
obama told medvedev after the ’12 reelect, he would “have more flexibility.” it was music to putin’s ears.
" @1simranjitsingh : i am a student myself. i cannot believe that obama, has doubled the interest rate on student loans. trump for president!"
@gop house has the right bill: “if you like your healthcare plan, you can keep it.” the senate must take it up on a vote!
“luck does not come around often. so when it does, be sure to take full advantage of it, even if it means working hard." think big
" @_bri : this is the first election i'll be able to vote, and my vote goes to trump because i want to live in a great country!  "
frack now & frack fast!!! american prosperity depends on it. our economic renaissance is here.
“you owe it to yourself and to your community to make your property the best it can be.” – think like a billionaire
if the gop will have any chance to beat @barackobama in november, the great people of michigan need to support @mittromney 's candidacy.
“remember that fear can be conquered. go full throttle, and the odds will be on your side.” – trump never give up
my offer to obama is about transparency. in 2008, american people were sold on hope and change. this our last chance to get the full record.
crazy @megynkelly says i don't (won't) go on her show and she still gets good ratings. but almost all of her shows are negative hits on me!
congratulations to @govmikehuckabee on last night's tremendous speech. mike united the party faithful and explained that we can do better.
.@senrandpaul’s tea party rebuttal to obama’s sotu explained why limited government promotes freedom. well done!
. @danabrams , editor of @mediaite , explained on radio this morning that i am so widely covered because i draw high interest. true!
to everyone, including all haters and losers, happy new year. work hard, be smart and always remember, winning takes care of everything!
we need to worry about the american worker first!
" @dsmerza : hello donald i have looked up to your success in business relations, since i was a teenager. i am a small business owner."
looks like @omarosa is up to the challenge.
raising the capital gains tax in this fragile economic time is the dumbest thing washington could do. so they will probably do it.
huckabee is a nice guy but will never be able to bring in the funds so as not to cut social security, medicare & medicaid. i will.
economic growth can save social security, medicare and america.
we have to make the . rich again so that we can afford to pay social security, medicare,and medicaid and strong to keep our enemies out
in the upcoming new year we will focus like never before - if we do that we will have complete and total victory in all we do!
ben carson wants to abolish medicare - i want to save it and social security.
" @modivmusic i've been reading @therealkiyosaki books and about warrenbuffett lately. i need some trump books to read!" the art of the deal"
" @modivmusic i've been reading @therealkiyosaki books and about @warrenbuffett lately. i need some trump books to read!" the art of the deal
either miss pennsylvania will pay, her father will pay or her lawyers will pay. she hurt many people!
individual commitment to a group effort is what makes a team work, a company work, a society work, a civilization work. -- vince lombardi
" @colemang81 : i can't wait for donaldtrump to become president and finally put the us back on top as the worlds greatest country!
“most of the time you will need to work hard and stay focused to get to the top – and then work even harder to stay there.” -think big
@schroedboss @erichfschroeder and your parents meant the world to me
because of our terrible leaders, it is now open season on every american throughout the world. terrorists are thrilled.
thank you high point, nc! i will fight for every neglected part of this nation & i will fight to bring us together as one american people!
get ready for tonight!
if obama has to re-fight this fight next year he loses -- "watch the fine details in every deal" -- the art of the deal
to aspiring entrepreneurs: be focused! know your goals. put everything you've got into what you're doing--every single day.
@dannyzuker , are you ready for the deal?
...trump, however, would kick his ass!
“we build too many walls and not enough bridges.” - isaac newton
great job once again by law enforcement! we are proud of them and should embrace them - without them, we don't have a country!
thank you! together we will  !
we are one nation. when one hurts, we all hurt. we must all work together-to lift each other up.
thank you america! together- we will  !
make sure to vote today. vote for real change. change that will deliver jobs and a free & strong america. vote for @mittromney .
median household income is down for the middle class since obama took office. it will only go further down under clinton.
sorry banks, when we accused lightweight ag eric schneiderman of not going after banks, he started going after banks—but years too late!
“he who is not courageous enough to take risks will accomplish nothing in life.” - muhammad ali
the banks need to start lending again otherwise the economy will continue its downturn. this is why we bailed the banks out!
looking forward to seeing the world champion yankees today on opening day!
the models are looking good… different types, all beautiful.
@protagonisthero he brought them on himself!
. @jebbush has embarrassed himself & his family with his incompetent campaign for president. he should remain true to himself.
. @thegarybusey is definitely different.
i received such a nice letter today from someone who took refuge in trump tower during sandy. it was my pleasure to help.
we are taking care of hundreds of people in the trump tower atrium--they are seeking refuge. free coffee and food.
@seanhooligan6 @alexsalmond this is from someone who knows they are a disaster.
listen and learn from others but make your own decisions. use your instincts--you alone know where you want to go.
i will stand with police and protect all americans!
"more than anything else, i think deal-making is an ability you're born with. it's in the genes."
bernie sanders says that hillary clinton is unqualified to be president. based on her decision making ability, i can go along with that!
" @bestphotosever : you need to run for pres. you would restore greatness to america, and have the ability to make a difference.  "
who are your favorites on team power? team plan b?
thank you new jersey!
with the very dangerous carjacking epidemic going on, especially in new york and new jersey, you would be lucky to have a gun for protection
thank you new york, and pennsylvania!
thank you new york! i love you!
thank you- new york! i love you!
obama:“i will destroy isis” = obama: “if you like your healthcare plan, you can keep your plan.”
jeb bush - “i am a conservative” = barack obama -“if you like your healthcare plan, you can keep your plan.”
obama: “i will control ebola.” = obama: “if you like your health care plan, you can keep your healthcare plan.”
. @bradsteinle great talking to you and your parents—fantastic people. keep your sister’s very important memory alive—big impact!
@barackobama ’s new job plan will certainly do the following – 1. not create any jobs. 2. borrow more money from china.
" @modivmusic i've been reading @therealkiyosaki books and about @warrenbuffett lately. i need some trump books to read!" the art of the deal
" @modivmusic i've been reading @therealkiyosaki books and about warrenbuffett lately. i need some trump books to read!" the art of the deal"
" @ronmeier123 : january 20th 2017 will be a victorious day in america mr. trump if you run! for you will be sworn in as the 45th president!"
"@joedurak if jeb is the nominee hillary is our next president."
if you’re sitting in an office working in a job you hate, then it’s time to think big and plan your next step…
" @absabella p speaks the truth and will not back down!! that's why he will be our next president!!  "
" @tom38ts i wanted trump to be the president in 2012 the country needs trump to be the next president in 2016"
the ratings for the republican national convention were very good, but for the final night, my speech, great. thank you!
i hate to say it, but the republican convention was far more interesting (with a much more beautiful set) than the democratic convention!
the roll call is beginning at the republican national convention. very exciting!
i know our complex tax laws better than anyone who has ever run for president and am the only one who can fix them.  @nytimes
wisconsin, we will make america great again!
we have all the cards. now is the time to make a great deal with iran.
a-rod should do the yankees a favor and never play again.
the . needs to protect our intelligence assets, especially in china. if the chinese want to spy on us, then we need to return the favor.
we need much tougher, much smarter leadership - and we need it now!
we need a president who isn't a laughing stock to the entire world. we need a truly great leader, a genius at strategy and winning. respect!
my prayers and condolences to the victims and families of the terrible tragedy in nice, france. we are with you in every way!
in light of the horrible attack in nice, france, i have postponed tomorrow's news conference concerning my vice presidential announcement.
another horrific attack, this time in nice, france. many dead and injured. when will we learn? it is only getting worse.
don't attack syria - an attack that will bring nothing but trouble for the . focus on making our country strong and great again!
" @rosenavy5 : @mclaughlln i would vote for donald trump! ! a true american who understands business and stands by american people!
" @ricd384 : the united states of america needs a real man in the oval office. mr. donald trump, america is ready for you. lets do it'"
" @nectarusafsm : @kyleraccio i want donald trump to be president. he knows business and people. he needs to be in the oval office, now."
the podium in the oval office looks odd! not good, but the words will be the key.
" @chrisbiedermann : building a massive wall on our southern border needs to happen now. support donald trump. he can make this happen."
"sometimes the best thing you can do is just let things ride, let time go by." donald j. trump
i have nothing to do with the plaza casino in atlantic city. i have not been involved with atlantic city for many years. used to love .!
remember, anything you read about atlantic city has nothing to do with me. i sold years ago and left. good timing but very sad!
vera coking made a big mistake in atlantic city by turning down many millions of $’s years ago for property that just sold for $530,000.
i have nothing to do with atlantic city-sold years ago (great timing). for losers and haters, i never went bankrupt. plus $10 billion, sorry
i made a fortune in atlantic city, got out years ago (great timing), and havn't been back in many years. i have nothing to do with .
@craryjohn there is none.
" @rbacliff : hillary wants to rip the guns out of america's hands. no guns = no protection. get on  & join @nra to stop her."
is this boring or is it just me?
"@italy2320: @reid2962 @foxnews @megynkelly tell me what i can do to help you. she really has made me want to never watch fox again"
listen and learn from others but make your own decisions. use your instincts--you alone know where you want to go.
i never want someone working for me who doesn’t want to be there--and in the same way, you shouldn’t want to be there, either.
" @skpip : donald, you have given me some hope for this country. maybe someone will help those of us on disability find a job we want to work"
“learn to think continentally.” - alexander hamilton
"whether you think you can or think you can't--you're right." henry ford
whether you think you can or think you can't, you're right. -- henry ford
whether you think you can or think you can't---you are right. -- henry ford
"what you dream about is what you do. if you cannot even dream of doing big things, you will never do anything big."--think big
“what you dream about is what you will do. if you cannot even dream of doing big things, you will never do anything big in life.”- think big
thank you new york, and pennsylvania!
a big day for new york and for our country! make america great again!
thank you new york! i love you!
" @_bri : this is the first election i'll be able to vote, and my vote goes to trump because i want to live in a great country!  "
remember when you vote, obamacare is a disaster!
" @justinkrizel : i can vote in next election. if he runs, i will absolutely vote for donaldtrump - he's the best candidate out there."
go out and vote--- this will be the most important election of our time!
" @shawnslawns4u : @terrykimk93 @wsj this coming election is the most important presidential election in my lifetime vote for trump"
the only deal the republicans should accept is a complete repeal of obamacare. you have them on the run - don't fold - go for it!
 @midlandmainline @dmregister who else is as qualified as the donald, it needs a man who makes thing happen there's only one  trump
total misnomer to call obamacare ‘the affordable care act.’ affordable for whom besides big businesses & congress w/their exemptions?
"there are many ways of going forward, but only one way of standing still." -- pres. franklin d. roosevelt
there is only one fix for obamacare - repeal & replace with a free market oriented alternative!
if you fail once, twice, three times, it doesn't matter. learn from your mistakes and push forward to victory-the sweetest feeling there is!
what do we get from our economic competitor south korea for the tremendous cost of protecting them from north korea? - nothing!
" @shepherdgarrett : it doesn't matter what the media thinks--it matters what the american people think keep it up!  "
why did we spend billions of our money on libya if we are not going to get any of the country's oil? what do we get out of this?
what a rotten deal we made with iran. we get nothing (except laughter at our stupidity). they get everything, including delay and big cash!
" @bestphotosever : i hope you'll announce you're running for president soon. america needs a smart leader w/ true love for country like you"
tomorrow will be a really big day for america. make america great again!
" @bombasticsigma : can you just announce already that you're running for president so i can campaign for you.
" @cfarmer0608 : if you run for president i would vote for you. this country needs a businessman running it not a crocked politician."
are you a democrat running in a race you should lose? get @karlrove to run an ad against you and you will win.
. @seanhannity at 10:00.
. @donlemon on @cnn at 10:00 .
watch @cnn at 9:00 . @jaketapper . then interviewed on @abc @gstephanopoulos at 10:00 . and then, at 10:30 ., watch face the nation.
chris wallace @fox at 10:00 .
. @foxandfriends at 7:00 .
i don't want to be the only billionaire in america---i want all americans to be rich.
" @williamgardanis : working class democrats ,independents ,americans that never voted before to decide this election landslide mandate 4 djt"
it’s about time for all americans (republicans & democrats) to force our elected officials to start acting fiscally responsible!
democrats try so hard to mock & belittle republicans—& the republicans just don’t fight back—no energy!
" @christo20722105 : @trusselise conservatives, dems, independents alike all want trump. there is no one else.  "
job tip: if you were the employer, what kind of person would you most desire as an employee? be that person.
" @ladyzales : you're the only one for the job! you never take any crap from anyone and that's the kind of president i want!  "
i never want someone working for me who doesn’t want to be there--and in the same way, you shouldn’t want to be there, either.
i'm going to the @yankees game tonight to root them on--they always win when i am there.
" @derekcarlson : people need to wake up mr. trump. you are the most qualified person to ever run for president of the united states.  "
crooked hillary clinton, perhaps the most dishonest person to have ever run for the presidency, is also one of the all time great enablers!
" @johnnydollar01 : and people zinged donald trump for talking about ebola. how is this klain guy any more qualified?"actually, less qualified
this will be one of the biggest and most beautiful miss universe events ever.
. @morning_joe just went off the rails. i will beat hillary easily - she does not want to run against me. i am tuning them out, waste of time
why did we spend billions of our money on libya if we are not going to get any of the country's oil? what do we get out of this?
we have many problems in our house (country!), and we need to fix them before we let visitors come over and stay. make america great again!
"to have a government we can afford we need to eliminate the tremendous waste clogging the system"
we, as a country, either have borders or we don't. if we don't have borders, we don't have a country!
in the upcoming new year we will focus like never before - if we do that we will have complete and total victory in all we do!
it is time for iran to face serious consequences. this regime is a threat to our national security.
why did @barackobama liberate libya and do nothing for the iranian protestors? iran is a threat to our national security.
china is a threat to america. they are not our friend.
michael morell, the lightweight former acting director of ., and a man who has made serious bad calls, is a total clinton flunky!
the greatest threat to our security is our debt. it is already past 100% gdp. we need to make real budget cuts.
" @johnyc46 : you must sacrifice 4 years and get this country headed back on track. really think you're the answer as many agree."
"even if you're on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there." --will rogers
republicans gave obama a free pass to the white house -- they just don't get it.
this was the republicans election to win but they just blew it--reasons why to follow.
are the republicans going to blow their chance to take the senate? must focus on obamacare and amnesty.
keep lightweight marco and his friends out of the white house.
" @ir0nspirit : can't wait for you to take the white house. our country will once again be strong! sorry jebbush, but you got no chance!"
who are your favorites on team power? team plan b?
congratulations to our great women's olympic soccer team @ussoccer on their gold medal. they made us all proud!
the losing team is now back in boardroom. i can't discuss the team members or what's going on or what happens from here on out.
what team would you choose to win?
many on the team and staff of bernie sanders have been treated badly by the hillary clinton campaign - and they like trump on trade, a lot!
is the boston killer eligible for obama care to bring him back to health?
" @drake4444444 the only way to fix health care crisis is for you to run for pres & bring common sense back to govt" thx.
total misnomer to call obamacare ‘the affordable care act.’ affordable for whom besides big businesses & congress w/their exemptions?
@politifact ’s  is obama’s if you like your health care plan, you can keep it. wrong. it’s the lie of the decade.
in a new poll a majority of people felt the president "knowingly lied" about health care pledge. who are the fools who don't think he lied?
i do not know the reporter for the @nytimes , or what he looks like. i was showing a person groveling to take back a statement made long ago!
@rvpandrewz looking forward to it--thanks.
. @mcilroyrory thanks for your nice note - they love you at trump national doral. you are looking good - will have a great year!
make no mistake---fast and furious goes all the way to the white house.
fast and furious gun running goes all the way to the white house. we need answers now!
" @nuccioking : if he was white u wouldnt be saying that shit. rt. he is white dummy! what have you been taking!
keep lightweight marco and his friends out of the white house.
it’s friday. how many millions has the white house wasted on the obamacare website today?
i think everyone will like my new and very successful book, crippled america. go get it and let me know what you think!
entrepreneurs: put everything you've got into what you're doing. know exactly what you want and go for it. nothing should be haphazard.
re negotiation: know what you want & think about what the other side wants. know where they’re coming from & do not underestimate them.
who would you like to see on next season of  ? let us know- everyone wants to be on it.
"@zulu_out: you are a man for the people because you know what it is like to be among the people   loves u" thanks
i'm not going to be watching much nfl football anymore. too time consuming, too boring, too many flags and too soft. focus on other things!
i will be in south carolina all week. saturday is big, big, big! get out and vote - make america great again
re lance armstrong—not only was it a big lie but a big lie that lasted too long!
in other words, our military has a very big problem!
& together we will  ! thank you for your support!
thank you for your support! together we can  !
thank you for your support!
" @tarashuman : donaldtrump thank you so much for your amazing hope message!!! i'm so grateful.
thank you for all of your support! let's  !
as i said on @foxandfriends this ., you have to give obama credit—he won! ...
barack obama said absolutely not 3 times before he agreed to go after bin laden--- now he wants all of the credit!
barack obama is not who you think he is. most overrated politician in us history.
today is the first day of the rest of your life - make the most of it!
i hope we never find life on another planet because if we do there's no doubt that the united states will start sending them money!
ask: is there anyone else who can do this better than i can?that’s just another way of saying know yourself & know your competition.
" @chrissergeant : @thomas thanks for the endorsement but there's far more entertaining folk than me out there. there's donald trump for one."
first there was the declaration of independence, then there was the constitution. now there is  . available today.
. @piersmorgan and @omarosa really hate each other.
“to keep your goals alive you must take action every day. no one should care about your money and success more than you do.” -- think big
why should we have any defense cuts in any deal? america must remain strong.
we don’t want to have a recount in any of the battleground states. obama will steal it. make sure all your friends and family vote.
hillary clinton has been involved in corruption for most of her professional life!
off to nashville and the nra.
" @elizawindso : @bretbaier donaldtrump only one who ever took on the macdaddy. looks like only one to fight hillary. even in her own party
it doesn't matter that crooked hillary has experience, look at all of the bad decisions she has made. bernie said she has bad judgement!
tonight's episode of @apprenticenbc is not only the best episode ever, it has a great lesson in life. don't miss it!
becoming a us citizen is not a right, it’s a privilege.
@classiced that's what i hear.
hear me on @kiss925toronto now!
@lovitt_marisa good to hear, enjoy!
hillary will never reform wall street. she is owned by wall street!
just made the point at  that "we have to protect our border & i think everyone here knows, nobody can build a wall like trump!"
remember, the terrible 5 for 1 trade whereby the taliban got back leaders (killers) and we got back a nothing, will come back to haunt .!
just got back from iowa - had a great time with amazing people. will be back soon!
just got back from new hampshire. great crowd, great people! will be back soon!
just got back from iowa, great people!
we have got to take our country back. it's time!
. @reince is doing a fantastic job for the republican party--hope he gets the credit he deserves.
i never want someone working for me who doesn’t want to be there--and in the same way, you shouldn’t want to be there, either.
@midgespeaks i want him to do a great job but he can't.
i want to do negative ads on john kasich, but he is so irrelevant to the race that i don’t want to waste my money.
a really bad night for president obama. now the republicans have to get together and get the job done!
" @mark_brown_pe : a great man once said "don't tell me how hard a job is going to be, tell me how hard it was, when you are finished!"
regardless of the usc's ruling, obamacare can only be defeated politically. it must be legislatively repealed or america will go bankrupt.
detroit is going through very hard times right now.. if they are smart, brighter days are ahead.
there is no excuse for riots in ferguson regardless of the grand jury outcome.
thank you to the lgbt community! i will fight for you while hillary brings in more people that will threaten your freedoms and beliefs.
there's only only one person who has defunded medicare. his name is @barackobama .
i know our complex tax laws better than anyone who has ever run for president and am the only one who can fix them.  @nytimes
crooked hillary clinton says that she got more primary votes than donald trump. but i had 17 people to beat—she had one!
" @chrissergeant : @thomas thanks for the endorsement but there's far more entertaining folk than me out there. there's donald trump for one."
" @theusalifestyle : @gop   (it will happen) gop must support donald trump    "
great poll- thank you nevada!
go vote from now to 8:30 . nevada. i will be at various caucus sites. make america great again!
“don’t find fault. find a remedy.” – henry ford
"don't find fault. find a remedy." --henry ford
“don't find fault, find a remedy.” -- henry ford
president obama will go down as perhaps the worst president in the history of the united states!
remember, china is not a friend of the united states!
our next vice president of the united states of america, gov. @mike_pence !
don't worry, the united states will be great again!
" @epilepsys will you or @erictrump try to be president of the united states? you could be a great president." thanks.
"they succeed, because they think they can." -- virgil
since the democrats decided to kill the filibuster, they now own blicans should keep the new rule when they're in the majority.
@bornagain8344 will they pay us for the help-they have plenty of money (oil).
make sure you realize that this ‘deal’ is only a stop gap a will be looking to raise even more taxes in the coming negotiation..
a clinton economy = more taxes and more spending!
obama's spending and borrowing is burying america and destroying our children's future. does he even care?
the oscars are a sad joke, very much like our president. so many things are wrong!
so many major problems for the ., and no answers by our leaders. when will it all change? many of our difficulties are so easy to solve!
very few people read the national review because it only knows how to criticize, but not how to lead.
the only one to fix the infrastructure of our country is me - roads, airports, bridges. i know how to build, pols only know how to talk!
i am the only one that knows how to build cities - pols are all talk and no action. our cities need help, and fast. they are crumbling!
" @roniseale : the american people deserve a wall to protect our jobs, economy and our safety. i am the only candidate who would build it."
. - there is also something really good to say about humility. being confident and humble is a great combination, maybe the best of all!
@craryjohn there is none.
"in politics, and in life, ignorance is not a virtue." this is a primary reason that president obama is the worst president in . history!
@alancravey that is something to think about, isn't it!
where is the progress in the state of new york over the last three years? there is none--only backwards.
we have got to take our country back. it's time!
wow, just won missouri!
why haven't they released the final missouri victory for us yet? could it be because cruz's guy runs missouri?
will be in missouri today with melania for the funeral of a wonderful and truly respected woman, phyllis s!
missouri just confirmed  as the official winner- with an additional 12 delegates.
where is the progress in the state of new york over the last three years? there is none--only backwards.
i'll be doing fox and friends this morning at seven.
remember, go vote--we need real change this time.
ebola patient will be brought to the . in a few days - now i know for sure that our leaders are incompetent. keep them out of here!
. @foxandfriends in five minutes!
. @foxandfriends in five minutes. enjoy!
amazing five days - developments in aberdeen, turnberry (scotland) and ireland are fantastic - the best anywhere in the world. a lot of fun!
. @morning_joe is so off on iowa, which i am leading big in new @cnn poll. i will win iowa. also, i beat hillary easily!
new hampshire vote today - make america great again!
thank you new hampshire!
thank you, new hampshire!
new hampshire is a critical state for both candidates this year. i got to know new hampshire and love it.
just got back from new hampshire. amazing people, we all had a great time together!
" @dcfoodsafety : mr. trump you're the candidate that we have been waiting for you tell it real and you will get it done you have my vote!"
the trade deal is a disaster, she was always for it!
" @mark_brown_pe : a great man once said "don't tell me how hard a job is going to be, tell me how hard it was, when you are finished!"
so, what did you think of my decision? what would you have done?
thank you high point, nc! i will fight for every neglected part of this nation & i will fight to bring us together as one american people!
our incompetent secretary of state, hillary clinton, was the one who started talks to give 400 million dollars, in cash, to iran. scandal!
isis gained tremendous strength during hillary clinton's term as secretary of state. when will the dishonest media report the facts!
hillary clinton surged the trade deficit with china 40% as secretary of state, costing americans millions of jobs.
young entrepreneurs – always remember in negotiations that sometimes the best deal you make is the one you walk away from.
" @dannymartin2002 this is the greatest part of following donald trump. negotiations 101! loved the art of the deal." thanks
i will be on state of the union @cnn with @jaketapper at 9am. enjoy!
"@markpryceagee: i believe donald trump would be the best candidate to run for president under the republican party.  " i do also!
" @nancy_miracle : i hope that in my lifetime i will see you deliver a state of the union address. "president trump"....i'm ready for it!!!"
love seeing union & non-union members alike are defecting to trump. i will create jobs like no one else. their  leaders can’t compete!
i will be doing a major sit down interview on state of the union with jake tapper at 9:00 . on @cnn . enjoy!
is gov. @bobbyjindal the stupid one for using the phrase “the stupid party” when referring to the republicans?
@amize_ @mcuban i win, no contest!
" @sensanders : i have a message for donald trump: no, we’re not going to hate latinos, we’re not going to hate muslims." i fully agree!
"the measure of who we are is what we do with what we have." --vince lombardi
now that mitt is gone, all we have to do is get bush to drop out and trump to run—and we will win!
“strong men have sound ideas and the force to make these ideas effective.” -- andrew mellon
the trans-pacific partnership will lead to even greater unemployment. do not pass it.
the trans-pacific partnership is an attack on america's business. it does not stop japan's currency manipulation. this is a bad deal.
republicans should not be giving obama fast track authority on trade. the trans-pacific partnership will squeeze our manufacturing sector
china has a backdoor into the trans-pacific partnership. this deal does not address currency manipulation. china is laughing at us.
the trans-pacific partnership will increase our trade deficits & send even more jobs overseas. this is a bad deal. time for smart trade!
in order to get elected, @barackobama will start a war with iran.
don't let obama play the iran card in order to start a war in order to get elected--be careful republicans!
can you believe that the afghan war is our “longest war” ever—bring our troops home, rebuild the ., make america great again.
@richardroeper yes, you can't allow people to scam you & rip you off.
thank you for all of your support! let's  !
ratings challenged @cnn reports so seriously that i call president obama (and clinton) "the founder" of isis, & mvp. they don't get sarcasm?
barack obama is not who you think he is. most overrated politician in us history.
"people do business with those people they like and trust." - ralph j. roberts, founder of comcast
you have no idea what my strategy on isis is, and neither does isis (a good thing). please get your facts straight - thanks. @megynkelly
congratulations to michelle and barack obama on their 20th anniversary.
in making big money, knowledge is far more important than any other ingredient, including money itself!
poll numbers way up - making big progress!
entrepreneurs: being stubborn is a big part of being a winner. never give up!
congratulations to @flgovscott --- the state is really making progress --- and fast!
it’s amazing how people can talk about me but i’m not allowed to talk about them.
i will be on fox & friends at 7 . - 10 minutes. much to talk about, enjoy!
as i stated at the press conference on friday regarding david duke- i disavow.
" @riannarichards : this is why i agree with donald trump: they should ban flights from  infected countries from entering the ."
hillary clinton said that it is . to ban muslims from israel by building a wall, but not . to do so in the . we must be vigilant!
. @lancearmstrong really blew it--went down in flames--too bad!
this election is a choice between law, order & safety - or chaos, crime & violence. i will make america safe again for everyone.
. @ivankatrump is right—plan b has descended into a state of total chaos.
people like doing deals with me because they know it will be profitable, that i work quickly, and that they will be treated fairly.
" @belllabooo13 : @foxandfriends loved all you had to say today!! so true all of it! that's what we need to hear truth!! you give me hope!!"
well, obama refused to say (he just can't say it), that we are at war with radical islamic terrorists.
tonight's episode of @apprenticenbc is not only the best episode ever, it has a great lesson in life. don't miss it!
go out and vote--- this will be the most important election of our time!
thank you for your support in biloxi, ms! let's all get out & vote in 2016, so we can  !
make sure you get out and vote...most important election of our generation...go romney!
it was so great being in nebraska last week. today is the big day--get out and vote!
make sure to vote today. vote for real change. change that will deliver jobs and a free & strong america. vote for @mittromney .
"the only way to do great work is to love what you do." – steve jobs
@tuserious854 i love what i do. you have to have passion for your work in order to be successful. that's number one.
stop calling my office to do your show, i have more important things to do with my time--- nobody's watching you! @lawrence
“one reason many people do not do well in business is because they do not do well with people.” – midas touch
in the upcoming new year we will focus like never before - if we do that we will have complete and total victory in all we do!
during primetime of the iowa caucus, cruz put out a release that @realbencarson was quitting the race, and to caucus (or vote) for cruz.
tell congress to straighten out the many problems of our country before trying to be the policemen to the world. make america great again!
i'm leaving for iowa now - will be great!
on my way to cedar falls, iowa, now. will be great--i love the people of iowa!
" @deanpreston76 : time for you to tell @barackobama 'you're fired!'.  we need someone who loves america in office!"
" @looneytunes002 : politicians are not going to get us out of this mess. they are all talk.   "
china is not our friend. they are not our ally. they want to overtake us, and if we don’t get smart and tough soon, they will.
well, obama refused to say (he just can't say it), that we are at war with radical islamic terrorists.
my sense is that people are far angrier at the president than they are at congress re the shutdown—an interesting turn!
just stated by a total pro: "you are the only one who has the guts to say what we are all thinking."
. @jebbush has embarrassed himself & his family with his incompetent campaign for president. he should remain true to himself.
so generous and pious! after spending millions of our tax dollars on his campaign through travel, @barackobama donated to himself.
what message does it send when @barackobama 's campaign has to spin whether america is better off than it was 4 years ago?
we have to make america great again!
we are going to win and make america great again, maybe better than ever before!
"i don't believe you have to be better than everybody else. i believe you have to better than you ever thought you could be." - ken venturi
" @sensanders : i have a message for donald trump: no, we’re not going to hate latinos, we’re not going to hate muslims." i fully agree!
no matter what bill clinton says and no matter how well he says it, the phony media will exclaim it to be incredible. highly overrated!
our country is in a major crisis of incompetent leadership. we cannot continue to go on with these politicians who do nothing but talk.
" @baberuth99 : we've got your back mr. trump! we're not politicians (all talk and no action). just let us know what you need us to do."
crooked hillary wants a radical 500% increase in syrian refugees. we can’t allow this. time to get smart and protect america!
" @gstephanopoulos : i’ll talk to donald trump about his comments on syrian refugees, and much more, sunday on @thisweekabc ."
when will cnn do a segment on hillary’s plan to increase syrian refugees 550% and how much it will cost?
13 syrian refugees were caught trying to get into the . through the southern border. how many made it? we need the wall!
crooked hillary clinton wants to flood our country with syrian immigrants that we know little or nothing about. the danger is massive. no!
entrepreneurs: do your best to your utmost ability every day. make that your standard.
@makeupwithme7 thanks--work hard every day!
“be ready for problems-you’ll have them every day. keep your focus and be as big as your daily challenges.” – trump never give up
gain and use information to your advantage--see every day as an opportunity to learn.
entrepreneurs: gain and use information to your advantage--see every day as an opportunity to learn.
@gzervs work hard, be focused and keep your momentum at full speed.
our country should be worried about nuclear control far more than gun control--& that one's not even close!
i will be interviewed on the @todayshow at 7:00 . talking about the state of the race for president, and more. enjoy!
how is it possible that the people of the great state of colorado never got to vote in the republican primary? great anger - totally unfair!
what's the primary ingredient for success? passion. you have to love what you're doing or you won't get too far.
"first of all, you don't necessarily need the best location. what you need is the best deal." -- the art of the deal
you don't necessarily need the best location. what you need is the best deal. -- the art of the deal
i will be on the situation room with @wolfblitzer from 5-7pm est on cnn
remember, china is not a friend of the united states!
the united states must immediately institute strong travel restrictions or ebola will be all over the united states-a plague like no other!
don't worry, the united states will be great again!
president obama will go down as perhaps the worst president in the history of the united states!
thank you america! together, we will all  !
thank you! together we will  !
"coming together is a beginning. keeping together is progress. working together is success." - henry ford
"coming together is a beginning; keeping together is progress; working together is success." -- henry ford
thank you america! together- we will  !
thank you new hampshire!
thank you, new hampshire!
leaving for new hampshire now. will be doing the @todayshow there, live at 7:00 . new @cbsnews poll of new hampshire: trump 38 carson 12!
“live free or die.” – motto of new hampshire
new hampshire is a critical state for both candidates this year. i got to know new hampshire and love it.
" @bertshad : was going to watch @foxnews for the primary results but saw @megynkelly - looks like  tonight"
watch  2012 live tonight on @nbc at 9pm est!
congratulations to @perduesenate on an impressive georgia primary win! david is a strong conservative who will get results in washington.
i will be on piers morgan live tonight at 9 . on cnn. tune in!
watch me on the @oreillyfactor tonight at 8pm.
honor memorial day by thinking of and respecting all of the great men and women that gave their lives for us and our country! we love them.
stopped by @trumpdc to thank all of the tremendous men & women for their hard work!
what a great four days in cleveland. so proud of the great job done by the rnc and all. the police and secret service were fantastic!
set the bar high--do the best you possibly can. be focused, disciplined and alert every single day.
my scotland course is receiving accolades from all over the world--a great honor for me.
thanks everybody for the happy birthday greetings, but it’s actually the 10th birthday of the apprentice. my birthday is june 14th....
" @thtswhtkelsaid : i'm fed up w/ dc playing 3 card monty w/ our tax $'s. it's time we the people play the trump card, & take back our country
goofy elizabeth warren is now using the woman’s card like her friend crooked hillary. see her dumb tweet “when a woman stands up to you…”
crooked hillary has zero leadership ability. as bernie sanders says, she has bad judgement. constantly playing the women's card - it is sad!
if @mittromney has a good debate tomorrow night, obama is finished!
mitt romney did great in the debate last night.
debate was somewhat hard to watch last night. viewership will be way down.
" @kenyamoore :i don't know what's more intimidating going in the boardroom with donaldtrump or being judged by @ivankatrump and @donald jr
" @christophewheat great job on the turnberry resort donald! @trumpturnberry in scotland which i saw this week while in scotland." thanks.
this week we saw what obama care actually does when implemented. it is a losing issue for @barackobama and must be repealed.
which is worse and which is more dishonest - the  or the emmys?
thank you @donaldjtrumpjr . proud of you!
" @girlcant_helpit : donaldtrump everyone wants you to run. why don't you? you would be perfect. president donald trump has a good ring to it
way to go @serenawilliams - you are a true champion. proud of you!
the only people who are not interested in being the . pick are the people who have not been asked!
" @dcfoodsafety : mr. trump you're the candidate that we have been waiting for you tell it real and you will get it done you have my vote!"
wapo attack on alleged high school incidents by @mittromney is a hit job to me. where are @barackobama 's high school and college records?
it’s amazing how people can talk about me but i’m not allowed to talk about them.
secure the border! build a wall!
new gop platform now includes language that supports the border wall. we will build the wall and make america safe again!
just made the point at  that "we have to protect our border & i think everyone here knows, nobody can build a wall like trump!"
the fight against isis starts at our border. ‘at least’ 10 isis have been caught crossing the mexico border. build a wall!
legal immigrants want border security. it is common sense. we must build a wall! let's make america great again!
... time for the republicans to find someone new—and better.
it is great to meet fellow patriots at the  book signings. can't wait to meet more today at trump tower from 12pm to 2pm
we will bring america together as one country again – united as americans in common purpose and common dreams.
have time to waste? go to the obamacare website.
he is working hard and for that he must be given credit!
clear winner of the  . thank you for your support!
america's debt crisis is our country's greatest challenge. spending must be curbed for our long term fiscal future.
looks like @omarosa is up to the challenge.
carly fiorina- i agree! ted cruz is just another politician. all talk- no action!
there is no way that carly fiorina can become the republican nominee or win against the dems. boxer killed her for senate in california!
" @wsjpolitics : donald trump's poll numbers would qualify him for a gop debate, but carly fiorina and lindsey graham would be out.
thank you des moines, iowa! governor @mike_pence and i appreciate your support!
on my way to iowa. will be landing in des moines in two hours. see ya!
a great evening in iowa! thank you des moines area community college for a great forum!
heading to iowa to a packed house. just released polls, all first place, are amazing. thank you!
heading to a packed house in waterloo, iowa! will celebrate today's great poll numbers together. see you soon!
entrepreneurs: when negotiating, don't be an open book. know that the only person on your side might be yourself.
"obama's plan to have russia stand up to iran was a horrible failure that turned america into a laughingstock."
if the wall street protesters are upset about the economy then they should really be protesting @barackobama at the white house.
wisconsin's economy is doing poorly and like everywhere else in ., jobs are leaving. i will make our economy strong again - bring in jobs
we just had the worst jobs report since 2010.
keep lightweight marco and his friends out of the white house.
a massive blow to obama's message - only 38,000 new jobs for month in just issued jobs report. that's really bad!
i will be speaking about our great journey to the republican nomination at 9:00 . the movement toward a country that wins again continues
the election is still close but trending toward @mittromney . he leads all national polls and obama's likeability is imploding. vote!
" @woodardralph31 : @gene70 @macys we the people are so tired of all the guys talking the same old same donald will back up his words!!!!"
the  post @omarosa . will it ever be the same?
why does the failing @wsj write a false editorial about me and let dummy @karlrove make the same mistake in the same edition of the paper?
great news that @foxnews has cancelled the additional debate. how many times can the same people ask the same question? i beat cruz debating
@rebamoreland thank you & the same to you and yours.
in the upcoming new year we will focus like never before - if we do that we will have complete and total victory in all we do!
"@kencee11: we need you to run for potus. we need a real american, one with the same values that built this country.. go trump 2016 !"
we are going to bring steel and manufacturing back to indiana!
how do you take care of our people if you don't make anything? we don't make anything. we are rapidly losing our manufacturing to china etc.
going on letterman now - let me know what you think - how did i do? here we go!
" @billd111 @seanhannity any candidate that says trump or anyone else should step down for speaking his mind should himself step down."
my father's 4 step formula for success: "get in, get it done, get it done right, and get out." -- fred c. trump
a-rod hit ball hard first at bat. time for him to step up and leave.
president obama missed the deadline!
make no mistake, obamacare is the first step towards changing our health system into single payer. just a disaster.
happy new year to all of my jewish friends and supporters. shana tova. hopefully it will be a great year!
wishing everyone a happy, healthy and prosperous new year!
have a happy, successful and healthy new year!
@ptlyons thank you. wishing you and yours a happy new year too.
from donald trump: wishing everyone a wonderful holiday & a happy, healthy, prosperous new year. let’s think like champions in 2010!
with our weakened dollar, gas will continue to rise. fracking is an answer to lowering energy costs.
obama: “i will control ebola.” = obama: “if you like your health care plan, you can keep your healthcare plan.”
obama wants taxes to go up so he can take credit for lowering them next year.
if someone says “i’ll bet you ten dollars” and loses the bet, it’s pay up time.
... ...do your research before donating this holiday season!
you have to feel bad for the democrat senators. they don’t want hagel either. just following obama’s orders.
i’ll bet obama now uses the amendment for the debt ceiling.
"rosechem1 one of the reasons that i like you is because i feel that old american greatness in your mentality. it makes me feel hope!" thx.
because of me, the republican party has taken in millions of new voters, a record. if they are not careful, they will all leave. sad!
under obama, iran has taken over iraq, al qaeda has taken over libya, the muslim brotherhood now controls egypt. worst foreign policy ever.
why can't the leaders of the republican party see that i am bringing in new voters by the millions-we are creating a larger, stronger party!
" @mikesington : crowd goes wild for trump at sc summit! @stevekingia :"trump's in; i know he's in." his scooby-doo van:
my heart goes out to the people of boston on this terrible day!
amazing--obama speaks, market goes down-- tells cnbc he's buying stock---market goes up --- should not be that way!
i love bluffton, sc, what a great place -- what great people.
well this is it, the final debate- let's see how it goes. i'll be tweeting live.
"always protect against the downside--the upside will take care of itself." donald j. trump
rick perry is right when he says we must stand by israel in the un.
...if you plan for the worst—if you can live with the worst—the good will always take care of itself.
"a house divided against itself cannot stand." --abraham lincoln
“if you plan for the worst – if you can live with the worst – the good will always take care of itself.” – the art of the deal
" @billd111 @seanhannity any candidate that says trump or anyone else should step down for speaking his mind should himself step down."
if you’re sitting in an office working in a job you hate, then it’s time to think big and plan your next step…
a-rod hit ball hard first at bat. time for him to step up and leave.
do you think @thegarybusey will be able to “step up” as pm? i know @lisarinna is hoping so.
my parents: "trust in god and be true to yourself." -- mary macleod trump "know everything you can about what you're doing." fred c. trump
the worst thing hillary could do is have her husband campaign for her. just watch.
crooked hillary clinton has zero natural talent - she should not be president. her temperament is bad and her decision making ability-zilch!
thank you, new hampshire!
thank you new hampshire!
" @chrissergeant : @thomas thanks for the endorsement but there's far more entertaining folk than me out there. there's donald trump for one."
first there was the declaration of independence, then there was the constitution. now there is  . available today.
" @sheryl_laine : donaldtrump not one thing about you is not loved. 2016 president! there is hope and where there is hope there is promise
" @rosenavy5 : @mclaughlln i would vote for donald trump! ! a true american who understands business and stands by american people!
" @roniseale : the american people deserve a wall to protect our jobs, economy and our safety. i am the only candidate who would build it."
the american people agree. no free pass for  !
make sure to vote today. vote for real change. change that will deliver jobs and a free & strong america. vote for @mittromney .
just watched @meetthepress and how totally biased against me chuck todd, and the entire show, is against  good news-the people get it!
whether you think you can or think you can't---you are right. -- henry ford
"whether you think you can or think you can't--you're right." henry ford
whether you think you can or think you can't, you're right. -- henry ford
no @dannyzuker it's making you crazy because you don't have the guts to play the game. come on danny, you can do it!
if you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing, you're right. -- henry ford
" @absabella p speaks the truth and will not back down!! that's why he will be our next president!!  "
our next president must stop china's rip-off of america.
"@joedurak if jeb is the nominee hillary is our next president."
our many loyal viewers should expect a major announcement very soon on next season's @celebapprentice . our fans will be pleased.
3 chief of staffs in less than 3 years of being president: part of the reason why @barackobama can't manage to pass his agenda.
for success: find out what you love to do. trust yourself enough to find out what is best for you and what you're best at doing...
@joeyhatcher you'll have to watch to find out.
obama:“i will destroy isis” = obama: “if you like your healthcare plan, you can keep your plan.”
who will be the next @therealteenusa ? find out this saturday at 8pm et on
" @skpip : donald, you have given me some hope for this country. maybe someone will help those of us on disability find a job we want to work"
" @blt21muttrades : people are just mad that you're doing so good so they are gonna do they're best to stop you. not gonna happen  "
" @puppyslug : donaldtrump: mayweather is gonna win just like you gonna win presdidency 2016 you r both winners who deliver knockouts!"
"@realistboutmine:  will make a excellent president he has what it takes to turn this county around he is donald trump for a reason."
president obama thinks the nation is not as divided as people think. he is living in a world of the make believe!
if any candidate believes that with what we know today we still should have invaded iraq then they are unqualified to be commander-in-chief.
i said that crooked hillary clinton is "not qualified" to be president because she has "very bad judgement" - bernie said the same thing!
" @dillydoesit trump has no problem telling it how it is, isn't that what everyone has been wanting from a president?  "
at the debate, the president kept talking of what he is going to do. i kept saying, why didn't he do it? he lost me a long time ago.
" @popularposters : our country needs a president that knows how to protect our constitution and a president that leads speaks the truth"
" @tom38ts i wanted trump to be the president in 2012 the country needs trump to be the next president in 2016"
the trump tower atrium is such a great place & kept thousands of people warm & safe during the storm--thanks, staff!
i believe that president obama is so overwhelmed by what is happening in the . and throughout the world that he has totally given up!
wishing everyone a happy, healthy and prosperous new year!
today is my birthday. my wish is for our country to be great and prosperous again.
as usual, the weather people got it wrong in tampa. they just look for headlines & ratings!
iowa was amazing today. great crowd, great people. thanks, will be back soon!
new hampshire vote today - make america great again!
today we honor the fallen at  , 74 years ago today. if you see a vet today, thank them!
we need much tougher, much smarter leadership - and we need it now!
@hialexcarlson thanks--just common sense.
we should march on washington re:autism--with leadership & common sense the numbers would drop precipitously!
we will bring america together as one country again – united as americans in common purpose and common dreams.
it’s important to promote an image of yourself each and every day. it’s part of having a sense of self and a sense of purpose.
why the hell did we help the libyan "rebels" in the first place. that is the real scandal.
obama: “i will control ebola.” = obama: “if you like your health care plan, you can keep your healthcare plan.”
" @gopjenna : "i don't care about the game, i care about the people." and that's exactly why we the people love you so much!  "
congratulations to bill o’brien on being named the republican speaker of the nh house. well-earned & well-deserved. a great guy.
congratulations to @gatewaypundit on being named the  @breitbartnews award. well-earned & well-deserved!
congratulations to @spurs on their @nba championship. well-deserved.
congrats to team usa & capt. @allenwronowski for retaining the pga cup! well done and well deserved!
congratulations to the rolling stones on marking their 50th anniversary in london.
be sure to enjoy the ‘50th anniversary chicago international film festival’ at @trumpchicago , the windy city’s top hotel!
this week will mark the 1 year anniversary of the attack in benghazi that left 4 americans dead. no answers!
. @gretchencarlson 's memoir is a powerful example of perseverance & hope. “getting real” is as real as it gets. get it & enjoy!
make sure to vote today. vote for real change. change that will deliver jobs and a free & strong america. vote for @mittromney .
" @dcfoodsafety : mr. trump you're the candidate that we have been waiting for you tell it real and you will get it done you have my vote!"
the $200m renovations at trump @doralresort are right on target. when completed, the course will be as good as it gets.
obama said in his sotu that “global warming is a fact.” sure, about as factual as “if you like your healthcare, you can keep it.”
we are one nation. when one hurts, we all hurt. we must all work together-to lift each other up.
we are one nation. when one state hurts, we all hurt. we must all work together - to lift each other up.
we all know that chess is a game of strategy. so is business. think about that and develop a strategy starting today.
we need a president who isn't a laughing stock to the entire world. we need a truly great leader, a genius at strategy and winning. respect!
there can never be a sharp economic recovery until @barackobama is out of the white house.
@anthonynotweet make sure you are doing what you love to do. you need passion to keep you going.
make no mistake---fast and furious goes all the way to the white house.
"you have to love what you do or you are never going to be successful no matter what you do in life.” - think big
"you have to love what you do or you are never going to be successful no matter what you do in life." - think big
a good head and a good heart are always a formidable combination. -- nelson mandela
it always seems impossible until it is done. --nelson mandela
happy 94th birthday to nelson mandela!
to be really successful it is always good to have a cool head, warm heart and beautiful common touch!
i really like nelson mandela but south africa is a crime ridden mess that is just waiting to explode-not a good situation for the people!
"@midnite_pumpkin: you're the  need you as our president. not a man who gives free money away like  work hard for our money!"
in making big money, knowledge is far more important than any other ingredient, including money itself!
another company that the doe has given money to just filed for bankruptcy. this is how the money we borrow at 40% from china is wasted.
@go_onrob the show is a joke in comparison to the original apprentice, but it does pay me a lot of money.
"@sam_tucker17: you would be the best president. you're political critiques are always on the money. you are way better than hillary!"
@jeffphilbin wishing you good luck and a happy birthday.
. @ritter1025 wishing your wife a happy birthday
happy birthday to my friend, the great @jacknicklaus - a totally special guy!
wishing everyone a very happy holiday season!
happy birthday to my legendary friend aretha franklin.
" @bombasticsigma : can you just announce already that you're running for president so i can campaign for you.
" @lamodaya : in life you don´t get what you want, you get what you negotiate: donald trump"
the more you know, the more you realize how much you don't know. how can you possibly discover anything if you already know everything?
" @jtphi212 : just heard you on  . we can count on you to tell it like it is. from a veteran, thank you for your honesty!!"
have you heard? china just told obama to jump. obama asked how high.
i don’t know what will happen with the lawsuit against dummy @billmaher but have an obligation to charity to bring it.
we have a sacred duty to care for our vets and their families. veterans deserve universal access to care anywhere and anytime!
no matter what bill clinton says and no matter how well he says it, the phony media will exclaim it to be incredible. highly overrated!
@chris_l54 thanks chris - they know the real facts but don't choose to use them-very dishonest!
the stage is set for the real debate--it will be very interesting!
@tricketttweeter no, his facts are very bad for him.
price gouging at many gas stations, $10 a gallon--welcome to the new world.
"the price of greatness is responsibility." -- winston churchill
fracking will lead to american energy independence. with price of natural gas continuing to drop, we can be at a tremendous advantage.
@chididdy57 @lancearmstrong well, he's now paying a big price!
" @dsmerza : hello donald i have looked up to your success in business relations, since i was a teenager. i am a small business owner."
great meeting with @senatemajldr mitch mcconnell and republican leaders in .
we should leave afghanistan immediately. no more wasted lives. if we have to go back in, we go in hard & quick. rebuild the us first.
the deal with iran will go down as one of the most incompetent ever made. the . lost on virtually every point. we just don't win anymore!
sec of state kerry said we would not go back to iraq. we shouldn’t, but he should not have said that. so stupid!
is the boston killer eligible for obama care to bring him back to health?
"@kencee11: we need you to run for potus. we need a real american, one with the same values that built this country.. go trump 2016 !"
“a failure or setback is not a defeat. defeat is a state of mind. you are defeated only when you accept defeat.” – think big
china is a threat to america. they are not our friend.
it is time for iran to face serious consequences. this regime is a threat to our national security.
our country is facing a major threat from radical islamic terrorism. we better get very smart, and very tough, fast, before it is too late!
i will bring our jobs back to the ., and keep our companies from leaving. nobody else can do it. our economy will "sing" again.
the american economy would grow if washington didn’t keep threatening higher taxes and more regulations. government is not the solution.
i got to know @johnboehner very well—he is a great guy who will do the right thing for the country!
“money may not grow on trees, but it does grow from talent, hard work, and brains.” – think like a billionaire
the republicans will get zero credit for passing immigration reform—and i said zero!
make no mistake---fast and furious goes all the way to the white house.
there can never be a sharp economic recovery until @barackobama is out of the white house.
keep lightweight marco and his friends out of the white house.
fast and furious gun running goes all the way to the white house. we need answers now!
we need a dealmaker in the white house, who knows how to think innovatively and make smart deals.  .
the clintons spend millions on negative ads on me & i can’t tell the truth about her husband? don’t feel sorry for crooked hillary!
"sooner or later, those who win are those who think they can." --paul tournier
the silent majority- is silent no more! remember the importance of voting!
going to columbus, ohio today for a tremendous rally of thousands. the silent majority is no longer silent!
i am looking forward to being in new hampshire tomorrow. the silent majority is taking our country back. we will make america great again!
@jbailey1987 yes we can oh foolish one, terrorists should not have the right to remain silent!
based on the shoots- which silent film do you think will be better?
hopefully the republican party can come together and have a big win in november, paving the way for many great supreme court justices!
" @eastonwestwood : please run for president again! america is almost finished but might have a chance if you're president in jan.2017."
my list of potential . supreme court justices was very well recieved. during the next number of weeks i may be adding to the list!
ted cruz talks about the constitution but doesn't say that if the dems win the presidency, the new justices appointed will destroy us all!
is it a coincidence that the middle east has blown up since obama became president?
" @wendyjfluga28 : donaldtrump is an emblem of hope that the best is yet to come for america! the good trump name will be proudly displayed
my plan will lower taxes for our country, not raise them. phony @club4growth says i will raise taxes—just another lie.
. @club4growth asked me for $1 million. i said no. now falsely advertising that i will raise taxes. i’ll lower big league for middle class.
the hedge fund guys (gals) have to pay higher taxes asap. they are paying practically nothing. we must reduce taxes for the middle class!
remember this: obama wants to raise taxes, @mittromney wants to lower taxes--need i say more!
when the economy is bad, @barackobama wants to raise taxes. when the economy is good, @barackobama wants to raise taxes. notice a trend?
. @arsenioofficial thx for the good wishes--you are going to have a really big year!
happy new year to all my jewish friends celebrating the holiday.
happy new year everyone...it will be an interesting one!
" @prochekhomeinsp : would be the greatest start to the new year that i could ever imagine!!! happy new year mr. trump and team!!!"
have a happy, successful and healthy new year!
re-build the es not places that hate our country and everything we stand for!
we still have not learned the full truth on benghazi. four americans were killed. congress must act!
"@blayne_troy: @foxandfriends mr. trump calls it like it is. hrc should be investigated, prosecuted and put in federal prison."
on @foxnews at 7:00 . "special: meet the trumps" hope you enjoy!
why do so many people say i hate president obama—i don’t hate the president at all. i just disagree with his policies!
who do you like - hate so far?
thank you - youngstown, ohio! i love you! get out &  tomorrow.
"more than anything else, i think deal-making is an ability you're born with. it's in the genes."
boardrooms—can anything be more intense?
aspirin gets the best press of almost anything i can think of---fact or great pr?
“do more, be more, give more--and everyone will benefit.” – think like a champion
3 chief of staffs in less than 3 years of being president: part of the reason why @barackobama can't manage to pass his agenda.
" @dietztaa_9 : if donald trump ran for president, he'd have my vote based on his twitter account alone"
my twitter account is now reaching more people than the new york times--not bad. and we're only going to get better!
i'm going to do what @mittromney was totally unable to do- win!
in massachusetts --- the place is packed!
tremendous day in massachusetts and maine. thank you to everyone for making it so special!
great rally last night in massachusetts. 2000 people at a house - must be a record! unbelievable spirit to make america great again.
the rally in lowell, massachusetts, was amazing. 10,000 people going wild. make america great again!
i look forward to being in lowell, massachusetts, today. i hear a very big crowd is expected--we will have lots of fun!
is that all there is? we need a new president - fast!
i am impressed with how clearly @paulryanvp explains the challenges we face and the solutions @mittromney will bring as president.
in the upcoming new year we will focus like never before - if we do that we will have complete and total victory in all we do!
new  . thank you america!
it's freezing and snowing in new york--we need global warming!
" @hansel_amarilla : “as long as you’re going to be thinking anyway, think big.” –donald trump, the trump organization president"
i will be interviewed on this week with george s this morning. enjoy!
what's more dangerous for the country--the iranian nuclear threat or @barackobama as president?
interesting how president obama so haltingly said i "would never be president" - this from perhaps the worst president in . history!
i am in iowa. will be interviewed on this week with @gstephanopoulos this morning. enjoy!
i am getting great credit for my press conference today. crooked hillary should be admonished for not having a press conference in 179 days.
someone should ask @barackobama in today's press conference how he accumulated more debt in 3 years than the first 42 presidents combined.
looking forward to press conference on taxes at 11am at @trumptowerny .
" @maxmacgruder : the man who would've kept us right years ago, the man who will put us right in the future. the only real choice.  "
i'm not going to be watching much nfl football anymore. too time consuming, too boring, too many flags and too soft. focus on other things!
republicans remember—debt ceiling, debt ceiling, debt ceiling—be smart and you will win!
sorry, there is no star on the stage tonight!
i am starting to think that top secret information should be done with pen to paper and locked in a safe. too many can break into computers.
with president obama it's all talk and no action. our country is in desperate need of smart and decisive leadership before it is too late!
we will bring america together as one country again – united as americans in common purpose and common dreams.
i have been consistent in my opposition to common core. get rid of common core--- keep education local!
@hialexcarlson thanks--just common sense.
...american cancer society, and the dana farber cancer center.
" @prochekhomeinsp : would be the greatest start to the new year that i could ever imagine!!! happy new year mr. trump and team!!!"
@classiced that's what i hear.
glad to hear my @foxandfriends ’ monday interview continues to get big ratings. great way to start your week
so, what did you think of my decision? what would you have done?
i guess i have reached yet another "ceiling" - 49.7%, with four people. my highest reuters poll yet! thank you!
they are saying that tickets to tonight's saturday night live are the hardest to get in the history of this great show! off to a good start!
republicans remember—debt ceiling, debt ceiling, debt ceiling—be smart and you will win!
wow, the ratings for @60minutes last night were their biggest in a year--- very nice!
the fans are going to love the tasks in the upcoming 13th season of all star @celebapprentice . the biggest yet!
a horrible day for newtown, ct and our country yesterday. my condolences to all of the families so tragically affected.
my thoughts and prayers are with the victims and families of those affected by two powerful earthquakes in italy and myanmar.
@mittromney will turn this mess around!
"it’s more important to be smart than tough. i know businessmen who are brutally tough, but they’re not smart.” – think like a billionaire
america needs a tough negotiator---not a community organizer.
@axlrose1996 stephen, that's right...and someone who is really smart!
" @feyerwoman74 : you sir, are inspiring and what the country needs for a leader. we need a proven businessman who is a born leader!"
jeb bush is desperate - strongly in favor of  and very weak on illegal immigration.
" @mitestarossa : jeb bush should support donald trump for president" i agree!
“think of yourself as a one-man army. you’re not only the commander in chief, you’re the soldier as well.” – think like a billionaire
if you're going to be thinking, you may as well think big.
“go as far as you can see; when you get there, you'll be able to see farther.” -- j. p. morgan
"go as far as you can see; when you get there, you'll be able to see farther." -- . morgan
if you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing, you're right. -- henry ford
if you're passionate about your work, you will never give up.
"if you love what you do, you are going to work harder, you are going to try harder and you will be better at it." - think big
thank you @megynkelly for the nice things you said about melania. you will like her, great heart and smart - always wanting to help people!
listen and learn from others but make your own decisions. use your instincts--you alone know where you want to go.
“if you want to be successful at anything in life, you have to be able to handle pressure.” – think big
" @woofeous @wmur9 @newengcollege business leaders such as donald could easily teach students more in one-hour than in any semester."
watch  2012 live tonight on @nbc at 9pm est!
here we go with the oscars!
put the glamour, beauty & mystery back in the oscars and the ratings will zoom. also, & most importantly, the oscars need credibility.
this cannot be the the academy awards  awful!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
the oscars are a sad joke, very much like our president. so many things are wrong!
how do you like seth and oscars so far?
" @rcoldwellbanker : i wear a suit everyday to be professional but i top it off with a  to say i'm on top of my game and successful."
"things work out best for those who make the best of how things work out." -- john wooden
" @joshhobson : hey, the sign looks good this morning! see it everyday, as i work around the corner at southcom.  "thanks
the final five—this has been a fight—and i think the fight will continue…
" @lisa_smith70 a real president wouldn't take a selfie during any memorial service.  "
. @mcilroyrory thanks for your nice note - they love you at trump national doral. you are looking good - will have a great year!
" @parker_votes : we finally have a voice with let’s do our part & vote in the r primary, 4    "
i believe in  and that means family first! my childcare plan reflects the needs of modern working-class families.
another great poll result! thank you!
" @2014_vince : @njm4250 that means he can get the better of china..china control a.....trump uses,controls r loses"
honor memorial day by thinking of and respecting all of the great men and women that gave their lives for us and our country! we love them.
i am not only fighting crooked hillary, i am fighting the dishonest and corrupt media and her government protection process. people get it!
so, a woman in chicago, who never had a job, has 9 kids with 7 different men (she is one of many). these kids will never work. trouble!
i am on @foxandfriends now! tune in!
i will be on piers morgan live tonight at 9 . on cnn. tune in!
tonight's episode of the apprentice is one you won't want to miss! be sure to tune in--10 . on nbc.
tomorrow is  on @squawkboxcnbc, 7:30 am, don't miss it!
to put on your calendar for may: miss usa 2010, live from las vegas on may 16th, 7 . et on nbc. i'll be there--tune in for a great show!
voting for @govgaryjohnson is voting for obama--don't waste your vote!
if you live in a state with early voting, you should be voting as soon as possible. bring your friends and family with you.
here we go with the oscars!
going on letterman now - let me know what you think - how did i do? here we go!
. @jebbush , like it or not, our country needs more energy and spirit than you can provide!
low energy candidate @jebbush has wasted $80 million on his failed presidential campaign. millions spent on me. he should go home and relax!
" @valerieannt : @drudge_report @jebbush jeb you are falling in polls because conservatives feel that you cannot  "
“money may not grow on trees, but it does grow from talent, hard work, and brains.” – think like a billionaire
why hasn't obama created jobs?
"money may not grow from trees, but it does grow from talent, hard work, and brains." - think like a billionaire
“becoming an entrepreneur is a personal-development program. if you grow personally, your business will grow.” – midas touch
most people think small, because most people are afraid of success, afraid of making decisions, afraid of winning. the art of the deal
another four years--not good for the country but we'll have to live with it!
" @pctech181 : for american prosperity, now and for our children's children, there is only one choice. donald trump for president 2016-24."
the delegates at the @dnc convention keep shouting "four more years." four more years of 18% real unemployment and another $6t in debt?
go out and vote--- this will be the most important election of our time!
crooked hillary can't even close the deal with bernie - and the dems have it rigged in favor of hillary. four more years of this? no way!
"sometimes the best thing you can do is just let things ride, let time go by." donald j. trump
the debate last night proved that hillary is running against the “b” team. she won’t be so lucky when it comes to me!
getting ready to watch the debate--- as they say "let's get ready to rumble"!
hillary clinton didn't go to louisiana, and now she didn't go to mexico. she doesn't have the drive or stamina to make america great again!
getting ready to go to iowa today. big crowd - will be a great day!
" @wingchungun : trump would have iran not only dismantling their nuke program but would be paying the us to help! ... & in one day!!!
george steinbrenner would have done a major number on a rod - there is no way he would have gotten paid, even with the help of the union!
" @ausbiz : many would say that you are the only talented person running for the top job this time!   "
. @thegarybusey is making no attempt to help. is he in buseyland? their team is short on help already…
i would have had millions of votes more in the primaries (than crooked hillary) if i only had one opponent, instead of sixteen. broke record
" @sensanders : i have a message for donald trump: no, we’re not going to hate latinos, we’re not going to hate muslims." i fully agree!
i will be going to mississippi tomorrow night - hear the crowds are going to be massive! look forward to it.
"when are we going to wake up and realize that we are funding our enemies?"
"if you're going through hell, keep going." --winston churchill
"if you're going through hell, keep going." -- winston churchill
i will be interviewed on the @todayshow at 7:00 . talking about the state of the race for president, and more. enjoy!
what do you think of the choices for project manager?
how badly will the country be hurt by the three scandals and the very poor implementation and cost of obama care?
. @wsj editorial board should review my debate statement re china and . and apologize. china not part but will get their way in later.
" @karabeckley : @kylekisskiss couldn't agree more! please our country needs a true strong leader! i'm terrified for this country now!"
more and more americans seem fed up with both parties----i agree.
" @jshamie : @golfdigestmag couldn't agree more. the course is not punishing bad tee shots like a normal us open would. boring finish!!!"
always remember, i was the one who got obama to release his birth certificate, or whatever that was! hilary couldn't, mccain couldn't.
. @traceadkins says @joan_rivers is a gem. i agree. we all agree.
iran's attack on israeli diplomats is an attack on the west
don't attack syria - an attack that will bring nothing but trouble for the . focus on making our country strong and great again!
the hillary clinton staged event yesterday was pathetic. be careful hillary as you play the war on women or women being degraded card.
when will @barackobama release an actual budget?
in business, you make decisions that are in your best interests. time for the us gov't to do the same. let’s make america great again!
tickets for future debates should be put out to the general public instead of being given to the lobbyists & special interests - the bosses!
i’m self-funding and i am going to take care of the people – not the special interests and insurance companies like the other candidates.
remember, i am the only one who is self-funding my campaign. all of the other candidates are bought and paid for by special interests!
it is time to get out of afghanistan. we are building roads and schools for people that hate us. it is not in our national interests.
@wesleycooler3 but nobody asked-a great school!
wapo attack on alleged high school incidents by @mittromney is a hit job to me. where are @barackobama 's high school and college records?
thank you! vote in 2016!
i'm going to be live with @ericbolling and @kimguilfoyle to ring in the new year 2016. everybody should tune in to @foxnews tomorrow night!
i am on @foxandfriends now! tune in!
i hate to say it, but the republican convention was far more interesting (with a much more beautiful set) than the democratic convention!
entrepreneurs: we win in our daily lives by being careful with every day, every moment.
@makeupwithme7 thanks--work hard every day!
give yourself a chance--make every day a discovery.
“learning is a new beginning we can give ourselves every day.” – trump: how to get rich
today @barackobama will borrow 40 cents on every dollar he spends from china. just another day at the office.
" @taynishagray : so yeah the first vote i will ever cast for president will be donald trump bc who can really argue with donald trump?"
may the festival of lights bring our jewish friends from around the world, health & happiness! happy hanukkah!
the lights went out in new orleans...the country's lights went out also. we are not the same place!
entrepreneurs: do your best to your utmost ability every day. make that your standard.
" @rosesroi : @foxnews . trump for president please! your interview on fox gave hope again for this country. will work on your campaign."
here we go with the oscars!
no, i wasn't at the @yankees game yesterday- can't go today either. when i go, they win.
america used to be the leader of the world. thanks to obama america isn't even leading from behind.
"the democrats' solution is the same solution they have for everything--tax, tax, tax. just one problem: it doesn't work"
to the geniuses at 'americans united for change': the more you tax me the less people i employ. get it?
everyone is starting to feel the new tax hikes. you get what you vote for!
hillary's bad tax habit!
signing my tax return....
27 days until america's greatest test since our founding. in this election, we decide whether we become great again.
fact – the tighter the gun laws, the more violence. the criminals will always have guns.
“i have a very strict gun control policy: if there's a gun around, i want to be in control of it.” - clint eastwood
“if you don't have time to do it right, when will you have time to do it over?” - john wooden
the evidence continues to mount against lightweight @agschneiderman . it is time for jcope and moreland commissions to act.
there was no need for violence at the ows protests. some are looking to make trouble. time to go home.
i never want someone working for me who doesn’t want to be there--and in the same way, you shouldn’t want to be there, either.
" @_bri : this is the first election i'll be able to vote, and my vote goes to trump because i want to live in a great country!  "
still time to get out and vote!
the woman who is the secret service director looks like she is way over her  can't the president appoint the best and the brightest?
people often ask me the secret to my success, and the answer is simple: passion, focus and hard work. momentum keeps it all going.
happy veterans day. to those who have served, thank you for your special work.
thank you to all of the men and women who have served our country. you are our true heroes!
" @mariadaq : historic!! what's historic is our national debt, record unemployment, &pocketbook crisis!the people need trump2 make usa rich!"
. @newtgingrich just said "a historic victory for trump." nice!
"@jollygoodman181: vote trump for president 2016 americans last hope donald trump... let's take our country back. vote for the "don" 2016"
voting for @govgaryjohnson is voting for obama--don't waste your vote!
" @jaredwyand : let's be clear..  is about "never someone we don't own" you either play into it & let them win or vote trump.
" @yang_karl : all scott pelley did by being disrespectful was make it easier to make up my mind who to vote for and that will be trump."
thank you! vote in 2016!
thank you! together we will  !
thank you america! together- we will  !
"coming together is a beginning. keeping together is progress. working together is success." - henry ford
"coming together is a beginning; keeping together is progress; working together is success." -- henry ford
entrepreneurs: you have to have passion. if you love your work, success will follow.
. @mcilroyrory thanks for your nice note - they love you at trump national doral. you are looking good - will have a great year!
@anthonynotweet make sure you are doing what you love to do. you need passion to keep you going.
" @kata2bijak : you have to have big ideas, but you've got to have energy to get them done. ~ donald trump"
@rocionavas make sure you love your business. you have to be passionate about it. focus on it 100%. go for it with everything you've got.
we are stupidly paying iran billions of dollars that we should not be paying. why isn't this part of the nuclear negotiations? really dumb!
president obama will go down as perhaps the worst president in the history of the united states!
president obama has made one mistake after another for a very long time, and the people of the united states are just plain tired of it!
obama just said @mittromney was "a very successful investor"--- big mistake for obama to admit- he has less and less credibility.
no president in history has lied to the american people more than president obama - in fact, it is not even close!
remember, china is not a friend of the united states!
wow, it's snowing in isreal and on the pyramids in egypt. are we still wasting billions on the global warming con? make . competitive!
it's freezing and snowing in new york--we need global warming!
it's 46º (really cold) and snowing in new york on memorial day - tell the so-called "scientists" that we want global warming right now!
it’s springtime and it just started snowing in nyc. what is going on with global warming?
it is snowing in jerusalem and across lebanon. global warming!
" @1simranjitsingh : i am a student myself. i cannot believe that obama, has doubled the interest rate on student loans. trump for president!"
some dope said i deleted a tweet about james g. there was no tweet and there was no delete-a totally fabricated story (nobody saw tweet).
people ask, "why do you tweet and re-tweet to millions about @jebbush when he is so low in the polls?" because of his big $ hit ads on me!
tweet me your questions for the next  ....
tweet me your questions to answer.
" @ninjaromantic : if it takes one more god damn tweet for you to run donald, then sir l will gladly be that god damn tweet.   "
today @barackobama will borrow 40 cents on every dollar he spends from china. just another day at the office.
...while her charity is getting less than 5 cents per donated dollar. she should be ashamed!
scary--obama's budget deficits are so out of control that he has to borrow 40 cents on every dollar he spends.
“pay attention to the small numbers in your finances, such as percentages and cents...
barackobama set a record deficit last february - $229 billion while borrowing 42 cents of every dollar it spent. @barackobama is reckless.
republicans gave obama a free pass to the white house -- they just don't get it.
clear winner of the  . thank you for your support!
" @therealtommydel :1 & only potus candidate 2 support tom brady deserves the white house. clear judgment & common sense for usa !  "
keep lightweight marco and his friends out of the white house.
it’s friday. how many millions has the white house wasted on the obamacare website today?
@phil_grech your not free, you'll never be free. you'll be back (if you ever left) because you can't help yourself!
@parisitony just a small percentage.
congratulations to the movement, we have just won the great state of oregon. the vote percentage is even higher than anticipated! thank you.
" @iintend : donaldtrump at one time you were 900 million in debt and you came back. you never flinched. you have to respect that." thank you
entrepreneurs: pay attention to details. if you don’t know everything about what you’re doing, you'll be in for some big surprises.
occupy wall street is at it again- go out and get a job. it's actually easier work and far more rewarding.
@mittromney can get people back to work.
we have a sacred duty to care for our vets and their families. veterans deserve universal access to care anywhere and anytime!
do you believe that hillary clinton now wants obamacare for illegal immigrants? she should spend more time taking care of our great vets!
just like i have been able to spend far less money than others on the campaign and finish  so too should our country. we can be great!
in light of boston, immigration legislation will be much harder to get.
"to have a government we can afford we need to eliminate the tremendous waste clogging the system"
we, as a country, either have borders or we don't. if we don't have borders, we don't have a country!
"@nowthatouimet if trump is serious about buying the  & keeping them in buffalo, sign me up. he’s a game-changer." thx @nflcommish
adrian also gives autographs if you stop by the lobby of @trumptowerny .
" @thegurleygirl : your interview on fox news was great!we need you & the country knows you're the person who can save our country!  "
monday night at 8:00 will be must see television. our wonderful joan rivers plays a major role as my advisor on the apprentice. amazing!
our new @missuniverse olivia culpo is not only beautiful but intelligent and accomplished. she is a wonderful role model.
" @martinjajou thanks for being a great role model, it actually motivates me for greatness" terrific!
the only one to fix the infrastructure of our country is me - roads, airports, bridges. i know how to build, pols only know how to talk!
the roads and sidewalks, airports and bridges, are perfect in dubai. everything looks clean & strong. in ., everything is falling apart!
train wreck just the beginning. our roads, airports, tunnels, bridges, electric grid - all falling  can fix for 20% of pols, & better
our inner cities have been left behind. we will never have the resources to support our people if we have an open border.
we only want to admit those who love our people and support our values.
i would have millions of votes more than hillary except for the fact that i had 17 opponents and she just had a socialist named bernie!
. @barackobama -hood: rob our children's future by borrowing from the chinese to pay for socialist programs that will bankrupt us.
make sure to vote today. vote for real change. change that will deliver jobs and a free & strong america. vote for @mittromney .
we cannot solve our problems with the same thinking we used when we created them. -- albert einstein
why did we spend billions of our money on libya if we are not going to get any of the country's oil? what do we get out of this?
great job once again by law enforcement! we are proud of them and should embrace them - without them, we don't have a country!
"i've read many books about china over the decades. i know the chinese and made a lot of money with them." the art of the deal
"the measure of who we are is what we do with what we have." --vince lombardi
bernie sanders endorsing crooked hillary clinton is like occupy wall street endorsing goldman sachs.
watch  2012 live tonight on @nbc at 9pm est!
ivanka and joan rivers will be working hard tonight at the live finale - everybody must watch the opening at 9.
michael vick of the philadelphia @eagles is a great athlete but not a great quarterback.
the live finale of @apprenticenbc is this sunday at 9/8c. watch and see who will be the first ever all-star celebrity apprentice.
looking forward to the gop debate and the outcome of the ames straw poll. we must get a real leader.
looking forward to live tweeting during the rest of the debates. will be a lot of fun.
looking like a really big night for republicans - a tremendous refutation of president obama and his failed policies!
looking forward to the debate tonight and will be tweeting live with very honest assessment.
i'm looking forward to the super bowl but looking even more forward to monday night at 8:00 - best episode ever of celebrity apprentice!
entrepreneurs: set the example, and you'll be a magnet for the right people. that's the best way to work with people you like.
“set the example, and you’ll be a magnet for the right people. that’s the best way to work with people you like.” – think like a champion
@phil_grech your not free, you'll never be free. you'll be back (if you ever left) because you can't help yourself!
" @dardonyc16 you bought turnberry? you own 2 best courses/ resorts in scotland/ world now! you're a legend! get a kilt now!" i'll have to!
america is proud to stand shoulder-to-shoulder w/a free & ind uk. we stand together as friends, as allies, & as a people w/a shared history.
mexico will pay for the wall!
every day mexico continues to hold sgt. tahmooressi is an insult to our country.
court finds in favor of trump university
mexico's court system  want nothing to do with mexico other than to build an impenetrable wall and stop them from ripping off .
it’s amazing how people can talk about me but i’m not allowed to talk about them.
at the request of many- i will be doing live tweets during the next presidential debate.
i will be live tweeting during the debate tonight.
based on very popular demand, i will be live tweeting tomorrow night during the presidential debate.
no president in history has lied to the american people more than president obama - in fact, it is not even close!
we need to worry about the american worker first!
again, immigration reform is fine—but don’t rush to give away our country. that’s what’s happening!
immigration reform is fine—but don’t rush to give away our country! sounds like that’s what’s happening.
immigration reform really changes the voting scales for the republicans—for the worse!
it's not enough that we do our best; sometimes we have to do what's required. -- winston churchill
isn’t it interesting that now that i’m  in the polls, the networks show polls that are a month old!
our ally canada wants to send their oil down south to us. @barackobama is forcing canada to send it west to china.
" @oldmanconroy : it's called "climate change". no, they changed it to "climate change" when "global warming" wasn't working anymore-too cold!
during primetime of the iowa caucus, cruz put out a release that @realbencarson was quitting the race, and to caucus (or vote) for cruz.
go vote from now to 8:30 . nevada. i will be at various caucus sites. make america great again!
this was sent out from ted cruz- as iowans arrived at their caucus sites to vote.
based on the fraud committed by senator ted cruz during the iowa caucus, either a new election should take place or cruz results nullified.
i am in kansas. will be an exciting day. big speech this morning in wichita, and then go to caucus. sorry cpac (the format was fine!).
mexico will pay for the wall!
when will the democrats, and hillary in particular, say "we must build a wall, a great wall, and mexico is going to pay for it?" never!
the dunes here are amazing, and they're how i learned about geomorphology, which is the study of movement landforms. we've had a great trip
. @gop ’s election loss and failed negotiations will serve as a case study in how third parties come about.
great trip to mexico today - wonderful leadership and high quality people! look forward to our next meeting.
great twitter poll- and i wasn't even there. thank you!
the  trend on twitter right now is  - thank you!
" @kata2bijak : i know a lot, but one thing i know is that i don't know everything. ~ donald trump"
" @fenitaayu1 : i know a lot, but one thing i know is that i don't know everything. ~ donald trump"
don't believe the biased and phony media quoting people who work for my campaign. the only quote that matters is a quote from me!
the more you know, the more you realize how much you don't know. how can you possibly discover anything if you already know everything?
" @debrarakestraw : you have over 2m followers more than than @hillaryclinton . this says something about how america feels.  "
without passion you don't have energy, without energy you have nothing!
without passion, you don't have energy; without energy, you have nothing. nothing great in the world has been accomplished without passion!
" @cheflucky23 : you have my vote and a volunteer, please run we need a president that can bring the pride back in being american! "
.... to do the apprentice but i approved you anyway. without my show you’d be nothing!
without passion you don't have energy, and without energy, you don't have anything!
just as i predicted, today obama called for even more tax increases. the republicans played right into his hands and blew their cards.
i beat hillary in the new @foxnews poll head to head. she has no strength or stamina, both of which are needed to make america great again!
the just out usa today national poll, where i lead by big numbers, shows that in a head to head matchup, i beat both hillary and bernie.
thank you america - great  polls!
voting for @govgaryjohnson is voting for obama--don't waste your vote!
if you live in a state with early voting, you should be voting as soon as possible. bring your friends and family with you.
this is a movement!
just remember, the birther movement was started by hillary clinton in 2008. she was all in!
we cannot let the failing republican establishment, who could not stop obama (twice), ruin the movement with millions of $'s in false ads!
i will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 . so much to talk about but not much good news for the . make america great again!
when i say i would end obamacare, i would also come up with a plan that would be far better, much easier to understand, and cost less!
" @benjaminhowling : donald, our prince! (daniel 12:1) don would rather someone else stand up for our people, but they will not, so he will."
" @wakeupfla : please stand up for american hispanic families and fight illegal immigration it is destroying usa!  "
in presidential voting so far, john kasich is zero for 22. so why would he be a good candidate? hillary would beat him, i will beat hillary!
we need to worry about the american worker first!
. @anncoulter has been amazing. we will win and establish strong borders, we will build a wall and mexico will pay. we will be great again!
thank you! we will make america great again!
we have many problems in our house (country!), and we need to fix them before we let visitors come over and stay. make america great again!
"@kencee11: we need you to run for potus. we need a real american, one with the same values that built this country.. go trump 2016 !"
"a house divided against itself cannot stand." --abraham lincoln
great poll out of illinois! thank you!
hillary will never reform wall street. she is owned by wall street!
mexico will pay for the wall!
when will the democrats, and hillary in particular, say "we must build a wall, a great wall, and mexico is going to pay for it?" never!
iraq is no longer our problem. we never should have been there in the first place!
is that all there is? we need a new president - fast!
word is that they have far more evidence on a-rod than they have on ryan braun! alex is over.
the  women totally blow away the victoria’s secret women!
the media is so after me on women wow, this is a tough business. nobody has more respect for women than donald trump!
hillary will never reform wall street. she is owned by wall street!
let’s all take a moment to remember all of the heroes from a very tragic day that we cannot let happen again!
if the wall street protesters are upset about the economy then they should really be protesting @barackobama at the white house.
don't ever forget, we will, together, make america great again!
occupy wall street is at it again- go out and get a job. it's actually easier work and far more rewarding.
& together we will  ! thank you for your support!
thank you for your support! together we can  !
who are your favorites on team power? team plan b?
what team would you choose to win?
"even if you're on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there." --will rogers
. @alexsalmond rt @islandbluenose you'll be doing us in scotland a great service if you win. good luck.
the losing team is now back in boardroom. i can't discuss the team members or what's going on or what happens from here on out.
thank you to all of our amazing military families, service members, and veterans.
"empty pockets never held anyone back. only empty heads and empty hearts can do that." -- norman vincent peale
" @bewhatjesuswas : @oreillyfactor @foxnews you dominate not because of them-but despite them;they need you more than you need them"
today is armed forces day. thank you  to our military service members! i love you all!
thank you for all of your support! let's  !
the media is so after me on women wow, this is a tough business. nobody has more respect for women than donald trump!
the  women totally blow away the victoria’s secret women!
president obama thinks the nation is not as divided as people think. he is living in a world of the make believe!
going now to make a major speech before some of the world's biggest investors in dubai!
china is a threat to america. they are not our friend.
thoughts and prayers to the great people of indiana. you will prevail!
the media is really on a witch-hunt against me. false reporting, and plenty of it - but we will prevail!
the greatest threat to our security is our debt. it is already past 100% gdp. we need to make real budget cuts.
the debt is our nation's greatest threat. @barackobama is out of touch.
focus on your goals, not your problems. and remember--problems are a mind exercise--so enjoy the challenge.
"people who have the ability to work should. but with the government happy to send checks, too many of them don't."
entrepreneurs: do your best to your utmost ability every day. make that your standard.
focus on your goals, not your problems. problems are a mind exercise--learn to play beyond your comfort zone.
entrepreneurs: problems are a mind exercise. enjoy the challenge.
" @sandrar677582 : @fltrumpteam florida starts early voting on march 5 extending to march 15. absentee ballots have been sent out!  "
if you live in a state with early voting, you should be voting as soon as possible. bring your friends and family with you.
i want to see @barackobama 's college records to see how he listed his place of birth in the application.
@ronpaul has some serious ideas which deserve serious consideration. wrong for media to ignore him.
it is time for iran to face serious consequences. this regime is a threat to our national security.
" @marianoqcasilum : please make it known now that you are a serious candidate for president. we, the american people need you to liberate usa
our country is now in serious and unprecedented trouble...like never before.
we need much tougher, much smarter leadership - and we need it now!
oregon is voting today. keep the big numbers going - vote trump! make america great again!
voting for @govgaryjohnson is voting for obama--don't waste your vote!
why is @randpaul allowed to take advantage of the people of kentucky by running for senator and pres. why should kentucky be back up plan?
if you live in a state with early voting, you should be voting as soon as possible. bring your friends and family with you.
" @scottfconroy : kentucky derby? more like kentucky losers! donaldtrump is only horse in race that matters for america! strong, fierce, noble
we have a sacred duty to care for our vets and their families. veterans deserve universal access to care anywhere and anytime!
marco rubio is being crucified by the media for drinking water during speech!
on this memorial day holiday, we honor our fallen soldiers who have made the greatest sacrifice for freedom. they are our country’s finest.
we only want to admit those who love our people and support our values.
today we remember and honor our fellow americans and nypd and fdny who fell 11 years ago.
we have a sacred duty to care for our vets and their families. veterans deserve universal access to care anywhere and anytime!
"@kencee11: we need you to run for potus. we need a real american, one with the same values that built this country.. go trump 2016 !"
mexico will pay for the wall!
they're going to riot in ferguson no matter what.
no matter what happens in the election, @davidaxelrod deserves a lot of credit. he has kept obama in it, even with his terrible record.
the water damage to nyc is amazing. the winds were bad but the water was worse.
thank you! together we will  !
thank you for your support! together we can  !
thank you america! together- we will  !
thank you america! together, we will all  !
& together we will  ! thank you for your support!
remember our brave men & women who have fallen protecting our country this memorial day!
we can create jobs in the american economy by protecting our own manufacturing sector.
i will bring our jobs back to the ., and keep our companies from leaving. nobody else can do it. our economy will "sing" again.
we are trying to fight isis, and now our own people are killing our police. our country is divided and out of control. the world is watching
our deficit spending is china’s gain. @barackobama is bankrupting our country.
thank you for your support!
& together we will  ! thank you for your support!
@gop house has the right bill: “if you like your healthcare plan, you can keep it.” the senate must take it up on a vote!
" @lukebrinker : one year from today.  "
today marks the one year anniversary of @andrewbreitbart ’s passing. andrew’s mission & legacy still lives on. @breitbartnews
“the most terrifying words in the english language are: i'm from the government and i'm here to help.” – pres. ronald reagan
@latenightseth i am not surprised that seth is absolutely dying in the ratings! he is truly an awkward, mumbling jerk. too bad!
i will be on on the record @gretawire tonight at 7 pm
i'll be on @greta on the record tonight at 7 pm
i will be on on the record @gretawire tonight at 10 pm
get ready for tonight!
it is time for iran to face serious consequences. this regime is a threat to our national security.
china is a threat to america. they are not our friend.
the greatest threat to our security is our debt. it is already past 100% gdp. we need to make real budget cuts.
why did @barackobama liberate libya and do nothing for the iranian protestors? iran is a threat to our national security.
we only want to admit those who love our people and support our values.
either miss pennsylvania will pay, her father will pay or her lawyers will pay. she hurt many people!
in massachusetts --- the place is packed!
"sweat equity is the most valuable equity there is. know your business and industry better than anyone else in the world." @mcuban
still time to get out and vote!
"@therachelgibson: seriously there is nobody who can fix this country but you. it's now or never! we need you.   " so true!
@forq2 are you making less than minimum wage, don't worry, the government will protect you. afraid to give your real name? you should be.
last thursday obama said "investing in infrastructure would improve our economy for the long term" the next day he again stopped keystone
i am going to keep our jobs in the ., and totally rebuild our crumbling infrastructure. crooked hillary has no clue! @teamsters
@rattiackackack creating jobs for one thing.
thank you for all of your support! most importantly - we need to get everyone out to vote!
i am especially grateful for the tremendous support i have received from the evangelicals in the just out iowa cnn poll. thank you!
"i've never seen anything like it, everything he touches turns to gold!" so nice, a quote by fred p about his son donald (me!).
@neanderthalman1 @mittromney i was referring, of course, to bill clinton's statement on the economy.
i just bought stock in tiffany & company and mcdonald's. two ends of the spectrum but i like both companies.
i never want someone working for me who doesn’t want to be there--and in the same way, you shouldn’t want to be there, either.
when i made the apprentice the  show in the us, that was a good day for you...
@rizz_lizz you're right--doesn't fit my image.
good news for those that want to make america great again - i am winning every poll in every state and national - and by big numbers! thanks
why does the media, with a strong push from crooked hillary, keep pushing the false narrative that i want to raise taxes. exactly opposite!
again, i have nothing to do with the atlantic city closing - i have not even been there in many years. some press was accurate, some not!
this was the reporters statement- when she found out there was tape from my facility, she changed her tune.
crooked hillary called it totally wrong on brexit - she went with obama - and now she is saying we need her to lead. she would be a disaster
remember that bill clinton was brought in to help hillary against obama in 2008. he was terrible, failed badly, and was called a racist!
"things turn out best for the people who make the best of the way things turn out." -- john wooden
congratulations to our great women's olympic soccer team @ussoccer on their gold medal. they made us all proud!
what has happened in orlando is just the beginning. our leadership is weak and ineffective. i called it and asked for the ban. must be tough
our nation is a once great nation divided!
always great to speak with veterans - our nation's heroes. we will make america great again!
now michelle nunn will not admit she voted for obama. of course she did. nunn supports obamacare & is anti-second amendment.
michelle nunn will be a solid vote for obama. she supports obamacare & opposes 2nd amendment. vote for @perduesenate to change things!
hillary just said that she will not use the term "radical islamic" - but was incapable of saying why. she is afraid of obama & the e-mails!
" @sharp_trident : a huge disappointment to see @megynkelly constantly attack donaldtrump. it has become almost unbearable to watch her show."
if you have passion, confidence, resilience, & vision, you could become an entrepreneur. add focus to the list & you're off to a good start
. police and law enforcement seem to have killed one of the california shooters and are in a shootout with the others. go police
shooting deaths of police officers up 78% this year. we must restore law and order and protect our great law enforcement officers!
how come there are no protests in favor of the two young police officers gunned down in mississippi by two deranged animals. death penalty!
spent time with indiana governor mike pence and family yesterday. very impressed, great people!
look forward to introducing governor mike pence (who has done a spectacular job in the great state of indiana). my first choice from start!
mike & mike in one minute!
look forward to governor mike pence . introduction tomorrow in new york city.
...bad decisions can be devastating.
please, @21club , go back to your original menu and preparation. believe me, it was much better. let me know when the change is made!
"i don't believe you have to be better than everybody else. i believe you have to better than you ever thought you could be." - ken venturi
how can a dummy dope like harry hurt, who wrote a failed book about me but doesn’t know me or anything about me, be on tv discussing trump?
"@italy2320: @reid2962 @foxnews @megynkelly tell me what i can do to help you. she really has made me want to never watch fox again"
"a person who never made a mistake never tried anything new." -- albert einstein
do you believe what is going on in washington with respect to syria - these people don't have a clue!
it’s important to listen to what people say. “horrible” and “disgusting” are the words i used in response to sterling’s comments.
funny, if you listen to @foxnews , the democrats did not have a good day. if you listen to the other two, they are fawning. what a difference
"the only way to do great work is to love what you do." – steve jobs
great poll numbers all over and beating hillary clinton one on one. thank you!
@paula_white one of the all-time greats - a true spiritual leader and wonderful person. keep up the good fight!
we are one nation. when one hurts, we all hurt. we must all work together-to lift each other up.
one 57 is one of the worst looking buildings i've seen in a long time, in particular its very ugly "skin."
" @bella270012 :donaldtrump the next man in office is going to have one heck of a mess to clean up..i think you're the only one who can do it.
so, how did i do on face the nation?
" @dietztaa_9 : if donald trump ran for president, he'd have my vote based on his twitter account alone"
when will we stop wasting our money on rebuilding afghanistan? we must rebuild our country first.
“spend your time enjoying your big dreams.” - think big
thank you for your support! together we can  !
clinton commented in ohio today that @mittromney is right, the economy has not been fixed under  always said bill was an honest man.
obama keeps namedropping bill clinton-- he is no bill clinton.
bill clinton has been obama's most effective surrogate out on the trail.
for all of those that think life is easy & don’t want to work, remember: hope is the poor man’s bread.
will be interviewed by @seanhannity tonight for the full hour. hope you enjoy it and, more importantly, hope you agree!
well this is it, the final debate- let's see how it goes. i'll be tweeting live.
i will be live tweeting!
. @scotgolfpodcast work has not yet begun. we're in the approval phase. it will be amazing. you will love the final result.
the more you know, the more you realize how much you don't know. how can you possibly discover anything if you already know everything?
just shows that you can have all the cards and lose if you don’t know what you’re doing.
scary--obama's budget deficits are so out of control that he has to borrow 40 cents on every dollar he spends.
today @barackobama will borrow 40 cents on every dollar he spends from china. just another day at the office.
he knows he won't have to spend much: @jonhuntsman has offered to match any donation dollar for dollar.
...while her charity is getting less than 5 cents per donated dollar. she should be ashamed!
president obama wants to change the name of the "white house" because it is highly discriminating and not at all politically correct!
if you have passion, confidence, resilience, & vision, you could become an entrepreneur. add focus to the list & you're off to a good start
"to have a government we can afford we need to eliminate the tremendous waste clogging the system"
keep lightweight marco and his friends out of the white house.
does madonna know something we all don't about barack? at a concert she said "we have a black muslim in the white house."
" @johnnydevine137 i'm all for donald trump owning the bills. give trump a chance and watch the donald, trump the competition." @nflcommish
" @michael_haz donald, why don’t you go out to nevada & cut a deal for  ? no one is a better deal maker than you. go do it!" true!
my new book, time to get tough, comes out on december 5th. pre-order on . it's the best book i've ever written.
my new book tells some harsh truths and lays out some bold plans. time for america to be  again.
thank you america! together- we will  !
thank you america! together, we will all  !
the new @barackobama motto - "you own nothing, not even your own success" ...
not only does obamacare have at least 21 new taxes but it will lead to a tremendous doctor shortfall.
i want to negotiate my own, and much better, trade deals for our country. must include currency manipulation (and more). do not let pass!
" @paulrsidneyuk : i cannot believe the increase in illegals here in san antonio texas. we are the minority constantly discriminated against
selfies- yes or no?
the women of  are putting on a great show in this year's us open. amazing athletes.
captain khan, killed 12 years ago, was a hero, but this is about radical islamic terror and the weakness of our "leaders" to eradicate it!
sorry to hear of the passing of neil armstrong over the weekend. he was an american hero.
this is all about american weakness and an incompetent president.
thank you, new hampshire!
thank you new hampshire!
new hampshire vote today - make america great again!
new hampshire is a critical state for both candidates this year. i got to know new hampshire and love it.
fox news poll thank you, new hampshire!
join me at 2:00pmest today - live from trump tower - via facebook & periscope!
republicans have the right approach to obamacare – let it fail. free market solutions will be embraced by americans in 2016.
“americans are hungry to feel once again a sense of mission and greatness.” – pres. ronald reagan
" @masterbaxter8 : we are all hungry for a trump candidacy. hillary announcement was expected. let's show her the competition!  "
"@chriskyleband: trump supporters aren't angry we're smart ! we're men / women / millennials / politically saavy  "
heading to iowa to a packed house. just released polls, all first place, are amazing. thank you!
crooked hillary clinton says that she got more primary votes than donald trump. but i had 17 people to beat—she had one!
.... to help mcconnell, who spoke right after him.” @breitbartnews
leaving for new hampshire now. making a speech—packed house. love it!
congratulations to @mets @radickey43 on becoming the first knuckleball pitcher to ever win the cy young award!
i was on cnn last night with @erinburnett .
the only reason obama gave a speech last night was because it was on the schedule-putin is laughing and the reviews have been really bad!
the debate was great last night--- all performed well!
it was really strange when hillary was missing from the podium last night. not very presidential!
the @mittromney fundraiser last night was a tremendous success.
thank you north carolina!
thank you, north carolina!
in light of newtown, our country has to pull together.
we have to make america great again!
with @stuartpstevens expected to represent @govchristie in the presidential race, chris will have a very hard time winning.
my new book tells some harsh truths and lays out some bold plans. time for america to be  again.
watch face the nation - will be on now!
so great to have the endorsement and support of paul ryan. we will both be working very hard to make america great again!
wow, reviews are in - thank you!
getting ready to take off for nashua, new hampshire. big crowd, will be there soon. fun!
wow, some new and even greater polls--thank you!
what ever happened to the good old days of the academy awards. this show is an insult to the past, just plain bad!
"the biggest doers often suffer the biggest setbacks in life...
... and pay per view records with “battle of the billionaires” in detroit. it was a wild day!
the fans are going to love the tasks in the upcoming 13th season of all star @celebapprentice . the biggest yet!
the mar-a-lago club was amazing tonight. everybody was there, the biggest and the hottest. palm beach is so lucky to have best club in world
" @johnsmi01433966 : the establishment doesn't like you because they can't control you and get you to lie to us and keep ripping us off."
" @gricecindy : that's why we are angry. the republican establishment will not support you. you are who the american people want!"
“know from inside out that you have the power to succeed and you will. that’s taking control.” – think like a champion
@rickhasamartini you said you are "tired" - say the rest, that you're lazy and dumb!
. @rushlimbaugh is right—the republicans lost because they weren’t conservative enough—or tough enough.
i would absolutely kill jon stewart(?) in a debate - it would be no contest - he's not fast enough or smart enough (only obnoxious enough!).
i've had enough of this - good night!
@maxvayner your man, little jon s(?) can't win, he's not smart enough or quick enough!
@maxvayner stewart (?) wouldn't have even a little chance in a debate with me. he's totally overrated - not fast enough or smart enough!
what do you think of @dennisrodman ’s donald trump head? the hair’s not quite right, for one thing.
" @gkohlschmidt : @slumpcityusa run donald run!!! we are sick of stupid politicians who don't know how to run anything except a campaign!"
" @mensamamma : yes, my simple campaign slogan,which embodies your supporters' feelings "run donald,run!" please run mr. trump!!!!"
to all my fans, sorry i couldn’t do the apprentice any longer—but equal time (presidential run) prohibits me from doing so. love!
" @nicoleamarin : i can't wait to watch this season of  @donaldjtrumpjr i can't wait to watch @brandiglanville dominate!"
"choose your own path: it doesn't have to be the path less traveled...what matters is that it's the right one for you." - vince lombardi
no matter how far down a path you go, if it's the wrong path, turn around and go back home - before it is too late.
"do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail." ralph waldo emerson
south carolina voters have the future of our country in their hands. vote now (today), and make america great again!
i will make this right for our great vets!
" @maxmacgruder : the man who would've kept us right years ago, the man who will put us right in the future. the only real choice.  "
@kdawnpatterson while i never ran, i thank you. let's see what happens in the future!
now i know that yahoo is in good hands. it took great courage for @marissamayer to take away the right of employees to work at home.
thank you, new hampshire!
thank you new hampshire!
new hampshire is a critical state for both candidates this year. i got to know new hampshire and love it.
i will be live tweeting!
" @stephenfhayes : trump, on others who have spoken to  in new hampshire: "with all the people you're listening to, you can forget it.""
the stage is set for the real debate--it will be very interesting!
at the request of many- i will be doing live tweets during the next presidential debate.
based on very popular demand, i will be live tweeting tomorrow night during the presidential debate.
i will be live tweeting during the debate tonight.
“winning takes talent, to repeat takes character.” - john wooden
focus on your goals, not your problems. and remember--problems are a mind exercise--so enjoy the challenge.
despite the establishment and the media’s best efforts, the people are speaking loudly and clearly. thank you to my amazing supporters!
republicans and democrats have both created our economic problems.
if you've got some problems today, that's a good sign--that's life. so give them some thought and make the most of the situation.
focus on your goals, not your problems. problems are a mind exercise--learn to play beyond your comfort zone.
remember, go vote--we need real change this time.
" @oldmanconroy : it's called "climate change". no, they changed it to "climate change" when "global warming" wasn't working anymore-too cold!
just said at  that "politicians are all talk and no action and we are all tired of it! we need action and results to move forward!"
it's late in july and it is really cold outside in new york. where the hell is global warming??? we need some fast! it's now climate change
. @gretchencarlson 's memoir is a powerful example of perseverance & hope. “getting real” is as real as it gets. get it & enjoy!
house gop wants to cut medicare, obama took $500 billion from medicare for obamacare. both wrong!
the final five—this has been a fight—and i think the fight will continue…
the pope should not have resigned—he should have lived it out. it hurts him, it hurts the church...
"the system is rigged!"
all-star celebrity @apprenticenbc is down to the five final contestants. getting fired now is when it really hurts!
“if you are passionate about your endeavors, it will be reflected back to you in your end result.” – trump never give up
@neilcromie be smart & work hard!
young entrepreneurs – be patient and continue to work with determination. with hard work, success will follow. keep your focus!
"work hard, play hard and live to the hilt." - think like a billionaire
@bubbaslmky but hard work!
@tricketttweeter no, his facts are very bad for him.
our country is looking very bad right now!
lance armstrong was given very,very bad advice!
. @barackobama 's college application would be very very very very interesting!
new york fashion week is really bad, and used to be so glamorous and exciting! no stars, no fun-just boring. they need serious help.
@da1nonlyasulony thank you so much adam!
@ascotcarrental i know adam--he's a great player & great guy!
@adamscott - i am really proud of you adam - i'll see you soon at trump national doral!
who do you think won?
thanks everyone, they all said i won the debate. even won the @cnbc poll!
washington should have brought in strasburg to relieve-- they would have won.
breaking news - the washington redskins have just announced that they will be removing the name washington from their name!
" @melaniatrump : good night washington .  "
i build beautiful websites with very smart and imaginative people for almost nothing. our government spent almost $535, 000, 000 for nothing
the water damage to nyc is amazing. the winds were bad but the water was worse.
is the boston killer eligible for obama care to bring him back to health?
"i aim very high, and then just keep pushing and pushing to get what i'm after." - the art of the deal
i’ll bet if i didn’t harass apple for the last 2 years about the large screen iphone, they wouldn’t have done it—but it bends & breaks!
president reagan put it best: "welfare's purpose should be to eliminate, as far as possible, the need for its own existence."
" @donnysmith557 : @karl @morning_joe @foxnews karl is a total joke!!!! if he didn't have the bush family and fox he wouldn't have anything! !
negotiation is an art. treat it like one.
@mcleangolf tell your son congrats--great round on really tough course.
" @deanpreston76 : time for you to tell @barackobama 'you're fired!'.  we need someone who loves america in office!"
instinct has a lot to do with timing. you have to be patient & wait for your instincts to tell you the best time to make your move.
please tell me what is going on with the republicans?
" @backontrackusa : the best thing about you becoming president would be getting to see you tell all of obama's lackeys " you're fired!"
why did @mittromney give his tax returns without demanding that obama release his college records & applications in return?
"you can't tax business. business doesn't pay taxes. it collects taxes." ― ronald reagan
why does obama believe he shouldn't comply with record releases that his predecessors did of their own volition? hiding something?
. @mittromney shouldn't give additional tax returns until @barackobama gives his passport records, college records & applications...
failed presidential candidate @mittromney was made to look like a fool by senator harry reid & didn't release his tax returns until 9/21/12.
obamacare is a complete disaster. many of my friends have to scale down their businesses because they can't afford it. terrible.
"you have to set higher and higher goals. you have to want more or you will start slipping backwards fast." -- think big
“you have to set higher and higher goals. you have to want more or you will start slipping backwards fast.” – think big
"they succeed, because they think they can." -- virgil
jeb bush spent more than $40,000,000 in new hampshire to come in 4 or 5, i spent $3,000,000 to come in 1st. big difference in capability!
this is such a special time to be in new york city. no better city in the world to celebrate christmas!
how crazy - 7.5% of all births in . are to illegal immigrants, over 300,000 babies per year. this must stop. unaffordable and not right!
just out: trump gop debate - 18,000,000. clinton democrat debate - 6,700,000. and they were on major network vs. cable!
club for growth letter- trying to extort $1,000,000.00 from me. remember, i said- no!
"know when to walk away from the table." the art of the deal
" @neilecollins @macys only interested in sales and could care less about america. veterans and military will be with trump."
there's only one candidate who cut medicare and that's barack obama. cut over $700m to move into obamacare.
" @bella270012 :donaldtrump the next man in office is going to have one heck of a mess to clean up..i think you're the only one who can do it.
there's only only one person who has defunded medicare. his name is @barackobama .
" @jtphi212 : just heard you on  . we can count on you to tell it like it is. from a veteran, thank you for your honesty!!"
many of @tigerwoods ’ ‘friends’ were quick to abandon him in his time of crisis. now tiger knows who he can count on.
crooked hillary called it totally wrong on brexit - she went with obama - and now she is saying we need her to lead. she would be a disaster
if you can count the amount of time you put into a project on your fingers, then you haven’t spent enough time on it.
on @seanhannity show @foxnews now. enjoy!
all recent presidents have released their transcripts. what is @barackobama hiding?
i won every poll from last nights presidential debate - except for the little watched @cnn poll.
when will @barackobama release his transcripts? what is he hiding?
failed presidential candidate @mittromney was made to look like a fool by senator harry reid & didn't release his tax returns until 9/21/12.
what's more important for the american public to have? @mittromney 's tax returns or @barackobama 's sealed records?
i have nothing to do with the plaza casino in atlantic city. i have not been involved with atlantic city for many years. used to love .!
even though i refused to pay a ridiculous price for the buffalo bills, i would have produced a winner. now that won’t happen.
will be working with contractors at trump national doral in miami today.
even the once great caesars is bankrupt in . others to follow. ask the democrat city council what happened to atlantic city.
" @johnnydevine137 i'm all for donald trump owning the bills. give trump a chance and watch the donald, trump the competition." @nflcommish
president obama missed the deadline!
i will be meeting with the nra, who has endorsed me, about not allowing people on the terrorist watch list, or the no fly list, to buy guns.
....that has served our country is put on a waiting list and gets no care.
" @pauladuvall2 : cruz will say anything that is contrary to what you have to say. if you're for motherhood, he'll be against it!"
. @montgomeriefdn your commentary this weekend was fantastic. people love what you say and how you say it.
is this boring or is it just me?
business is easy. dealing with people is hard. if you are an entrepreneur, your most important job is to choose who works with you.
" @rydercup2014 : all we can say is wow! what would you say? @trumpscotland   "
make sure you get out and vote...most important election of our generation...go romney!
go out and vote--- this will be the most important election of our time!
" @shawnslawns4u : @terrykimk93 @wsj this coming election is the most important presidential election in my lifetime vote for trump"
make sure to vote today. vote for real change. change that will deliver jobs and a free & strong america. vote for @mittromney .
we don’t want to have a recount in any of the battleground states. obama will steal it. make sure all your friends and family vote.
today we remember and honor our fellow americans and nypd and fdny who fell 11 years ago.
today we honor the fallen at  , 74 years ago today. if you see a vet today, thank them!
cbs's face the nation - posts largest audience since 2001
over 2 million people have lost their jobs since @barackobama became potus. how many of them still have healthcare?
we will only be the land of the free as long as we are home of the brave!
"nobody cares" about the iowa straw poll is what @jonhuntsman said yesterday. his problem is that nobody cares about his campaign (or him).
...now @alexsalmond doesn't like me--who cares!
. @univision cares far more about mexico than it does about the . are they controlled by the mexican government?
the only job @barackobama cares about is his own. everything he does is for his own reelection.
newsstand sales for @vanityfair , run by sleepy graydon carter, are down almost 20%. all he cares about are his bad food restaurants!
we have to get tough with china before they destroy us.
" @wizhether : donaldtrump keep it up! they're attacking you because they're afraid. you're winning! we who love our country have your back!"
we are trying to fight isis, and now our own people are killing our police. our country is divided and out of control. the world is watching
thank you to all of the men and women who have served our country. you are our true heroes!
we only want to admit those who love our people and support our values.
our country will soon be relegated to third world status if proper decisions are not made by our president. he was never qualified for job!
we are rebuilding other countries while our own country is going to hell. time to rebuild the .! tell our stupid politicians, enough
tonight on @extratv , i’m talking  . tune-in!
i'll be co-hosting @extratv tonight. be sure to tune in!
i have millions more votes/hundreds more dels than cruz or kasich, and yet am not being treated properly by the republican party or the rnc.
i am lowering taxes far more than any other candidate. any negotiated increase by congress to my proposal would still be lower than current!
...whether you are a republican or democrat we should hope that pres. @barackobama does a great job for the country.
" @joehos18 : trump 96% success rate in business, only 4 out of 100+ companies went south. better than any other candidate. better than all"
i will have set the all time record in primary votes in the republican party --despite having to compete against 17 other people!
“get in. get it done. get it done right. get out.” – my father, fred c. trump
“get in. get it done. get it done right. get out.” – fred c. trump (my father!)
watch the game-really good.
my father's 4 step formula for success: "get in, get it done, get it done right, and get out." -- fred c. trump
 @rajeevsamtani : get in, get it done, get it done right & get out  trump actually, told to me by my father, fred trump.
thank you marco, i agree!
did you agree with my decision?
. @traceadkins says @joan_rivers is a gem. i agree. we all agree.
if you have passion, confidence, resilience, & vision, you could become an entrepreneur. add focus to the list & you're off to a good start
"if trump became president he would do an amazing job; if obama took over celebrity apprentice, he'd fail." what's your opinion? i agree!
“i’ve found that people work harder when they are held accountable, and their confidence rises along with that.” – midas touch
obama lied to the public about the al qaeda attack on our consulate in libya. he should be held accountable.
when will anyone be held accountable for the va scandal? the politicians are experts in never facing any consequence.
maybe obama should donate my $5m to the families of the 17 who have lost loved ones during the storm?
"the ones who are crazy enough to think that they can change the world, are the ones who do." -- steve jobs
...what is wrong with this story? isn’t this just ridiculous? terrible!
...and says something is seriously wrong. he will never go down as great!
president obama spoke last night about a world that doesn’t exist. 70% of the people think our country is going in the wrong direction.
@mena_le @apprenticenbc wrong--not even close!
@hatchetwounds totally wrong dopey.
we're getting down to the wire on the apprentice--tune in tonight for some great action! 10 . on nbc.
just said at  that "politicians are all talk and no action and we are all tired of it! we need action and results to move forward!"
angela merkel is doing a fantastic job as the chancellor of germany. youth unemployment is at a record low & she has a budget surplus.
i told you @time magazine would never pick me as person of the year despite being the big favorite they picked person who is ruining germany
thank you tampa, florida!
a great afternoon in tampa, florida. thank you!
the last thing we need is another bush in the white house. would be the same old thing (remember "read my lips, no more taxes"). greatness!
in tampa, florida- thank you to all of our outstanding volunteers who want to  !
the last thing this country needs is another bush!
i still can’t believe we left iraq without the oil.
i'm giving away money! 11am trump tower. be there or be left behind!
we, as a country, either have borders or we don't. if we don't have borders, we don't have a country!
if you don't believe in yourself, no one else will.
i just left @trumpwinery in charlottesville,virginia --- it is the finest in the country--- really incredible!
@citychik_ thanks andrea and good luck.
we have to make america great again!
"@mikhiett this is what you have done; its called perseverance. now persevere to the white house!  " nice!
keep lightweight marco and his friends out of the white house.
republicans gave obama a free pass to the white house -- they just don't get it.
serious stuff-irs commissioner visited white house 157 times, far more than sec. of state or defense. what a big story this is!
@leebandoni so you can see what i mean.
who would you rather have negotiating for the . against putin, iran, china, etc., donald trump or hillary? is there even a little doubt?
a friend is one who has the same enemies as you have. -- abraham lincoln
"a friend is one who has the same enemies as you have." -- pres. abraham lincoln
good news is melania's speech got more publicity than any in the history of politics especially if you believe that all press is good press!
a big poll will be announced this morning on @cbsnews face the nation. i wonder if i do well if the press will report the results? doubt it
what is never said is that people take a big risk with their money and can lose it all. we should be given credit for taking this risk.
in your planning, know how much risk you can take. evaluate whether the returns will be worth the risk.
" @ajbruno14 thanks, old post office is hidden treasure, worth the time to visit!" it will be fantastic!
"you can have the best product in the world, but if people don't know about it, it's not going to be worth much." - the art of the deal
"you can have the best product in the world, but if people don't know about it, it's not going to be worth much." the art of the deal
@2cute2care_ you'll be watching!
obama looks exhausted and beaten. he was never made or prepared for the job. like it or not, he doesn't have "it"
clear winner of the  . thank you for your support!
entrepreneurs: be prepared and be tough. cover your bases! there are a lot of ups and downs, but you can ride them out if you're prepared.
be prepared for a sensational episode of the apprentice tomorrow night, 10 pm on nbc.
“always be prepared to start.” - joe montana
always good to have @arseniohall back as advisor as well as @donaldjtrumpjr . they have their own fan clubs at this point.
cruz lies are almost as bad as jeb's. these politicians will do anything to stay at the trough!
"i've learned that mistakes can often be as good a teacher as success." --jack welch
is that all there is? we need a new president - fast!
for those of you in trouble—(in these troubled times)—never, ever give up!
our country and it's leadership has to be so careful and so smart - these are treacherous times, like no other. the world is a crazy place!
. @jimmykimmel is terrific but for obama to fly on air force one ($’s) to do the show in these bad times is ridiculous.
the nyc casting call for the apprentice is thisthursday, april 1 at trump tower. for all the information you need, go to
thank you, north carolina!
thank you north carolina!
thank you greensboro, north carolina! will be back soon!
a great night in raleigh, north carolina! thank you!
thank you north carolina- get out &  on 11/8/2016!
"having a vision for something can be a very powerful force for accomplishment." --midas touch
“the problem is that no government can create real jobs. only entrepreneurs can do that.” – midas touch
@mittromney can get people back to work.
@swanrose2013 i create jobs!
"the only way to do great work is to love what you do." – steve jobs
 @rajeevsamtani : get in, get it done, get it done right & get out  trump actually, told to me by my father, fred trump.
occupy wall street is at it again- go out and get a job. it's actually easier work and far more rewarding.
“get in. get it done. get it done right. get out.” – my father, fred c. trump
“get in. get it done. get it done right. get out.” – fred c. trump (my father!)
hillary will never reform wall street. she is owned by wall street!
@ochughes true, not much gets done that way.
" @sirmikeadams : why would trump run for president? he likes to be able to get things done, government doesn't. it can all change!
“get in. get it done. get it done right. get out.” – fred c. trump (my father!)
“get in. get it done. get it done right. get out.” – my father, fred c. trump
my father's 4 step formula for success: "get in, get it done, get it done right, and get out." -- fred c. trump
 @rajeevsamtani : get in, get it done, get it done right & get out  trump actually, told to me by my father, fred trump.
... time for the republicans to find someone new—and better.
@paulbocian thanks, it was wonderful.
. @mcuban mark—nice picture, thanks for the invite to the mavs/nets game. next time i’ll go and you’ll win!
looks like @omarosa is up to the challenge.
looks like a very good world series game!
looks like obama will not stop the very potentially dangerous flights to and from west africa. what the hell is wrong with this guy?
" @kpmck63 stay the course mr. trump! it's easier for others to attack you because you are saying the things that they won't.  "
“do whatever it takes to improve your public-speaking skills. you’ll absolutely need them.” – midas touch
"if you can't say great things about yourself, who do you think will?" - think like a champion
when i think big, which is often, you can be sure i’m aware of the enormous amount of little things that we will have to account for.
entrepreneurs: see each day as an opportunity to show what you can do at the highest level.
27 days until america's greatest test since our founding. in this election, we decide whether we become great again.
" @billd111 @seanhannity any candidate that says trump or anyone else should step down for speaking his mind should himself step down."
use your intelligence and your education to execute what your imagination presents to you. this is one step to becoming an entrepreneur.
during primetime of the iowa caucus, cruz put out a release that @realbencarson was quitting the race, and to caucus (or vote) for cruz.
a-rod hit ball hard first at bat. time for him to step up and leave.
if you’re sitting in an office working in a job you hate, then it’s time to think big and plan your next step…
thank you! together we will  !
thank you america! together- we will  !
" @baberuth99 : we've got your back mr. trump! we're not politicians (all talk and no action). just let us know what you need us to do."
the world is falling apart around us, but we don't have people who know how to play the game. the . is in big trouble - no leadership!
thank you america! together, we will all  !
& together we will  ! thank you for your support!
thank you for your support! together we can  !
thank you for your support!
thank you for all of your support! let's  !
thank you marco, i agree!
. @traceadkins says @joan_rivers is a gem. i agree. we all agree.
"if trump became president he would do an amazing job; if obama took over celebrity apprentice, he'd fail." what's your opinion? i agree!
" @jcosmofisher : if donald trump runs for president in 2016 he most certainly has my vote. we need to get this country turned around"
" @lamodaya : in life you don´t get what you want, you get what you negotiate: donald trump"
justice kennedy should be proud of himself for sticking to his principles, in light of justice roberts' bullshit!
today is the 53rd anniversary of the march on washington - today we honor the enduring fight for justice, equality and opportunity.
this is a movement!
the totally unexpected loss of supreme court justice antonin scalia is a massive setback for the conservative movement and our country!
on 9/11, we pray for the victims and their families of the attack and give thanks to all who have sacrificed for justice & our freedom.
a big day for new york and for our country! make america great again!
thank you- new york! i love you!
thank you new york! i love you!
thank you new york, and pennsylvania!
thank you new york, i will never forget!
@alancravey that is something to think about, isn't it!
@gonzobeachboy i don't go away!
"god never takes away something from your life without replacing it with something better." --rev. @billygraham
it's go time! see you at trump tower. i'm giving money away!
can you believe the worst mayor in the ., & probably the worst mayor in the history of  , @billdeblasio , just called me a blow hard!
re: negotiation: view any conflict as an opportunity. be a diplomat as much as possible.
i have gotten to know many spanish speaking people as the owner of trump national doral in miami. they are smart, hard working and great
people believe cnn these days almost as little as they believe hillary....that's really saying something!
my twitter account is now reaching more people than the new york times--not bad. and we're only going to get better!
great job once again by law enforcement! we are proud of them and should embrace them - without them, we don't have a country!
@sonnset2 he knows the best place!
which team is your favorite?
there is no substitute for private sector experience.
"there is no substitute for hard work." --thomas edison
"entrepreneurs must have vision plus the power of focus... to see the future and turn their vision into a profitable reality."
vision remains vision until you focus, do the work, and bring it down to earth where it will do some good.
entrepreneurs: vision remains vision until you focus, do the work, and bring it down to earth where it will do some good.
the worst thing hillary could do is have her husband campaign for her. just watch.
our country needs a president with great leadership skills and vision, not someone like hillary or barack, neither of which has a clue!
economic growth can save social security, medicare and america.
we have to make the . rich again so that we can afford to pay social security, medicare,and medicaid and strong to keep our enemies out
huckabee is a nice guy but will never be able to bring in the funds so as not to cut social security, medicare & medicaid. i will.
if you think we have a problem with social security and medicare now, try taking in millions of new citizens all at once.
ben carson wants to abolish medicare - i want to save it and social security.
young entrepreneurs – remember that your first deals are the most important of your career. win & gain confidence.
@mittromney has won the most delegates, received the most votes and won the most states. the primary is over. time to defeat @barackobama .
the world economic forum now ranks the us the fifth most competitive economy in the world. we have fallen from first under @barackobama .
who would you most like to see win  ?
hillary clinton may be the most corrupt person ever to seek the presidency. - j. trump
if obama has to re-fight this fight next year he loses -- "watch the fine details in every deal" -- the art of the deal
good news for those that want to make america great again - i am winning every poll in every state and national - and by big numbers! thanks
" @sensanders : i have a message for donald trump: no, we’re not going to hate latinos, we’re not going to hate muslims." i fully agree!
thank you high point, nc! i will fight for every neglected part of this nation & i will fight to bring us together as one american people!
entrepreneurs: we win in our daily lives by being careful with every day, every moment.
new episode starting now!
isn't it ridiculous, starting today, new ebola screenings go into effect for people coming from west africa. just stop the flights dummies!
everyone is starting to feel the new tax hikes. you get what you vote for!
" @elizawindso : @bretbaier donaldtrump only one who ever took on the macdaddy. looks like only one to fight hillary. even in her own party
. @rosie , get better fast. i'm starting to miss you!
just made the point at  that "we have to protect our border & i think everyone here knows, nobody can build a wall like trump!"
. @markhalperin works so hard but just doesn't have a natural instinct for politics. others do, and those are the people you want to follow!
i am the best builder, just look at what i've built. hillary can't build. republican candidates can't build. they don't have a clue!
have a great weekend everyone and for those of you that are young entrepreneurs, have fun but never stop thinking of the task ahead- victory
re-build the es not places that hate our country and everything we stand for!
...whether you are a republican or democrat we should hope that pres. @barackobama does a great job for the country.
if i only had 1 person running against me in the primaries like hillary clinton, i would have gotten 10 million more votes than she did!
are you a democrat running in a race you should lose? get @karlrove to run an ad against you and you will win.
i win a state in votes and then get non-representative delegates because they are offered all sorts of goodies by cruz campaign. bad system!
" @jojo2foxy : trump is unstoppable....he is what common sense americans want whether republican, independent or a reagan democrat.
why should we have any defense cuts in any deal? america must remain strong.
" @paulrsidneyuk : i cannot believe the increase in illegals here in san antonio texas. we are the minority constantly discriminated against
have any questions? send them in.  /a
thinking small when you could think big limits you in all aspects of your life.
remember @jebbush wants common core (education from .) and is very weak on illegal immigration ("come as act of love"). not a leader!
entrepreneurs who develop their midas touch do not work for money. they work to create or acquire assets. focus on assets.
"entrepreneurs who develop their midas touch do not work for money. they work to create or acquire assets. focus on assets." -- midas touch
fact – the tighter the gun laws, the more violence. the criminals will always have guns.
@shouldtrumprun hundreds of thousands of supporters have already gone to and joined the movement at  have you?
hey @kimkardashian --i hear you are undecided in the election. i can explain why you should vote for @mittromney .
i guess i have reached yet another "ceiling" - 49.7%, with four people. my highest reuters poll yet! thank you!
@dennisrodman @apprenticenbc great to have you back for the best season yet!
thank you to everyone who came out & joined us @trumpturnberry yesterday! @erictrump @ivankatrump @donaldjtrumpjr
as i have said, the tea party is alive and well and fighting hard for the usa. big win today!
this is the best deal the republicans could get?
have you heard? china just told obama to jump. obama asked how high.
. @philmickels0n_ is right—california taxes are far too high. it’s ridiculous.
" @winger23 : obamacare has ruined healthcare. everyone i know is having a hard time paying their new plans. it costs too much!"
i knew joe paterno. when he heard what he heard, it just wasn't in his world--a different planet!
wapo attack on alleged high school incidents by @mittromney is a hit job to me. where are @barackobama 's high school and college records?
getting ready to make my speech at  . a great honor!
get ready for tonight!
jodi, if you're listening, make a deal!
getting ready to watch the debate--- as they say "let's get ready to rumble"!
@dannyzuker , are you ready for the deal?
" @joeyjoe78 : great point! freedom is not free and the american people are tired of paying for it! it's time for other nations to pay up!"
we pay for obama's travel so he can fundraise millions so democrats can run on lies. then we pay for his golf.
@bragg_tina thanks--read my books, they can help.
“strong men have sound ideas and the force to make these ideas effective.” -- andrew mellon
thank you! together we will  !
& together we will  ! thank you for your support!
thank you america! together- we will  !
thank you for your support! together we can  !
will be heading over to the debate soon. can you believe @cnn is "milking" it for almost 3 hours? too long, too many people on stage!
wages in are country are too low, good jobs are too few, and people have lost faith in our  need smart and strong leadership now!
just got back from iowa, great people!
when will the . stop sending $'s to our enemies, . mexico and others.
on my way to cedar falls, iowa, now. will be great--i love the people of iowa!
" @masterbaxter8 : we desperately need someone that looks out for our great country. dropping supplies into enemy hands is inconceivable."
@aclutter51 we need someone!
" @_bri : this is the first election i'll be able to vote, and my vote goes to trump because i want to live in a great country!  "
i hope everybody goes to macy's today to get donald j. trump shirts, ties, suits and cufflinks - they are really beautiful at low price
" @ladykellliberty : @anncoulter i'm in pa near pburgh. dad will register to vote first time for trump. mom is changing from d to r!"
" @theusalifestyle : @anncoulter to  vote for donald trump.      "
al sharpton said they are "even making it more harder to register people to vote". which is worse, his grammar or his thoughts?
poll - thank you!
new  . thank you america!
thank you - so nice.
thank you @greta .
thank you- new york! i love you!
on 9/11, we pray for the victims and their families of the attack and give thanks to all who have sacrificed for justice & our freedom.
honor memorial day by thinking of and respecting all of the great men and women that gave their lives for us and our country! we love them.
who do you think won?
"you have to love what you do or you are never going to be successful no matter what you do in life.” - think big
"you have to love what you do or you are never going to be successful no matter what you do in life." - think big
“there is no worse feeling than being trapped in a job you do not enjoy. you have to love what you do.” - think big
who do you think is going home?
just like i have been able to spend far less money than others on the campaign and finish  so too should our country. we can be great!
why did we spend billions of our money on libya if we are not going to get any of the country's oil? what do we get out of this?
... and, in my opinion, should not be doing the apprentice.
re-build the es not places that hate our country and everything we stand for!
we only want to admit those who love our people and support our values.
" @tuggers56 : @pmgeezer hillary is so afraid of him. the gop is afraid of him. the american people embrace him! let's elect him, donaldtrump
i endorsed @mittromney not because i agree with him on every issue but because he will get tough with china.
china will never go to war with us because if they won they would only take over property they already own!
"they succeed, because they think they can." -- virgil
@vcross8 agreed, they're doing a great job.
do you believe this singing?
obama' ststement on egypt was terrible and dumb-now being used by military as a rallying cry-our foreign policy is worst in . history.
what is he reading?
listen and learn from others but make your own decisions. use your instincts--you alone know where you want to go.
i will make this right for our great vets!
thank you for your support!
thank you for your support! we will make america safe and great again!
@forq2 are you making less than minimum wage, don't worry, the government will protect you. afraid to give your real name? you should be.
goofy elizabeth warren lied when she says i want to abolish the federal minimum wage. see media—asking for increase!
it’s amazing how people can talk about me but i’m not allowed to talk about them.
" @mikeliberation : this is the best reaction shot i've ever seen lol  "
"to every action there is always opposed an equal reaction." --isaac newton
" @mikerotondo86 only trump can bring us back from 20 trillion in debt... he's the only one with the experience and skill set to do so."
. @djohnsonpga we are so proud of you dustin. your reaction under pressure was amazing. first of many majors. you are a true champion!
it was great being in michigan. remember, i am the only presidential candidate who will bring jobs back to the  protect car industry!
" @vinnie_vegas_76 :donald why don't you run for president. if you run the usa like you run your businesses, the usa would be a better place."
"know when to walk away from the table." the art of the deal
great win by the @nyjets yesterday. if they run the table, they will make the playoffs.
“if you don't have time to do it right, when will you have time to do it over?” - john wooden
every dollar @barackobama spends costs $1.40 with interest borrowed from china on our children and grandchildren's backs. cut-cap-balance!
with 50 days until the election, it is  for @mittromney & @gop
we just had the worst jobs report since 2010.
obama is tougher on wwii vets wanting to visit a dc memorial than iran. he needs to show respect to our vets and not play games.
obama and the democrats have no respect for wwii vets trying to get into the memorial.
@joelkrautter very good joel!
when in doubt, obama fundraises. he has held 393 fundraisers in six years. another record.
our gdp has been growing less than 2% for the last 5 years. obamacare will slow us down even more. has to be repealed.
forty -six million americans---more than at any time ever in the history of this country--now live under the poverty line.
crooked hillary clinton is 100% owned by her donors.
i will do far more for women than hillary, and i will keep our country safe, something which she will not be able to do-no strength/stamina!
just like i have been able to spend far less money than others on the campaign and finish  so too should our country. we can be great!
individual commitment to a group effort is what makes a team work, a company work, a society work, a civilization work. -- vince lombardi
sorry, i won’t be able to do @foxandfriends at 7 am on monday—will be in india.
we should not attack syria but if they make the stupid move to do so, the arab league,whose members are laughing at us, should pay!
congratulations to our great women's olympic soccer team @ussoccer on their gold medal. they made us all proud!
thank you - michigan!
congratulations to our olympic team for by far winning the most medals, including first place gold.
new hampshire is a critical state for both candidates this year. i got to know new hampshire and love it.
thank you, new hampshire!
thank you new hampshire!
i hate to say it, but the republican convention was far more interesting (with a much more beautiful set) than the democratic convention!
at the old post office-
13 syrian refugees were caught trying to get into the . through the southern border. how many made it? we need the wall!
" @backontrackusa these are the same terrorists obama has been arming in syria & have attacked us on a's foreign policy is a disaster
" @gstephanopoulos : i’ll talk to donald trump about his comments on syrian refugees, and much more, sunday on @thisweekabc ."
crooked hillary wants a radical 500% increase in syrian refugees. we can’t allow this. time to get smart and protect america!
when will cnn do a segment on hillary’s plan to increase syrian refugees 550% and how much it will cost?
here's to a safe and happy independence day for one and all - enjoy it! - j. trump
it was so great being in nebraska last week. today is the big day--get out and vote!
" @nicoleamarin : i can't wait to watch this season of  @donaldjtrumpjr i can't wait to watch @brandiglanville dominate!"
" @gopjenna : "i don't care about the game, i care about the people." and that's exactly why we the people love you so much!  "
i look forward to tonight's "debate" -- but look far more forward to making america great again. it can happen!
anyway, i’m all about jobs & the economy & making america great again. we’re falling fast!
i will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 . so much to talk about but not much good news for the . make america great again!
trump will make america great!!!!
what do you think of gary's definition of f-u-n?
i hope when rand paul gets out of the race—he is at 1%--his supporters come over to me. i will do a much better job for them.
" @malachinorris : donald j. trump is the very definition of the american success story. through trump we can bring back the american dream."
i can't believe that mitt romney would run for president again. he had his chance and blew it in the last weeks of the race.
bernie sanders is continuing his quest because he believes that crooked hillary clinton will be forced out of the race - e-mail scandal!
the least number of hurricanes in the . in decades. so they change global warming (too cold) to climate change-now what will they call it
" @oldmanconroy : it's called "climate change". no, they changed it to "climate change" when "global warming" wasn't working anymore-too cold!
obamacare is clearly unconstitutional. hopefully the usc rules correctly but in the end repealing obamacare requires a political solution.
make no mistake---fast and furious goes all the way to the white house.
keep lightweight marco and his friends out of the white house.
many people have been asking me to answer questions. you can ask me questions at any time.
it is truly amateur hour at the white house - and this is why we should not be doing the "war thing" right now!
it’s friday. how many millions has the white house wasted on the obamacare website today?
remember, china is not a friend of the united states!
president obama will go down as perhaps the worst president in the history of the united states!
now is the time for the @gop to be united with the mission of electing @mittromney this november. stop with the public divisions.
our next vice president of the united states of america, gov. @mike_pence !
president obama has made one mistake after another for a very long time, and the people of the united states are just plain tired of it!
republicans and democrats must come together now to make america great again!
"coming together is a beginning; keeping together is progress; working together is success." -- henry ford
"coming together is a beginning. keeping together is progress. working together is success." - henry ford
"i'm loyal to people who've done good work for me."
a really bad night for president obama. now the republicans have to get together and get the job done!
" @_trump4potus : trump continues to rise in the polls! the american people are speaking and speaking loudly.   "
do you think i made the right decision?
our country has to come together. we have to start working with, and really liking, each other. the whole world is watching baltimore.
another four years--not good for the country but we'll have to live with it!
four more years of weakness with a crooked hillary administration is not acceptable. look what has happened to the world with o & hillary!
president obama and other world leaders don't know how close they were to being seriously injured (or worse) standing next to psycho in sa.
sugar: @lord_sugar --keep working hard so i make plenty of $ with your show...
“get in. get it done. get it done right. get out.” – fred c. trump (my father!)
“get in. get it done. get it done right. get out.” – my father, fred c. trump
i am the best builder, just look at what i've built. hillary can't build. republican candidates can't build. they don't have a clue!
"i'm loyal to people who've done good work for me."
my father's 4 step formula for success: "get in, get it done, get it done right, and get out." -- fred c. trump
getting ready to open the magnificent turnberry in scotland. what a great day, especially when added to the brave & brilliant vote.
go to @macys now to see the incredible new selection of trump signature collection ties, shirts and suits.
hillary will never reform wall street. she is owned by wall street!
mexico will pay for the wall!
" @pctech181 : for american prosperity, now and for our children's children, there is only one choice. donald trump for president 2016-24."
" @anothertrumpvot : the way donaldtrump handled the release of his phone number compared to @lindseygrahamsc tell you all you need to know.
" @apprenticenbc : by the way — you will not want to miss  next week on  . that's all we're gonna say."
what team would you choose to win?
to all @mittromney supporters, make sure you have taken advantage of early voting now so you can gotv on election day.
" @backontrackusa : the best thing about you becoming president would be getting to see you tell all of obama's lackeys " you're fired!"
" @pearlingjosh : you are a big inspiration to me p. i'm 24, i make it,i will call my first business in p we trust"
if hillary thinks she can unleash her husband, with his terrible record of women abuse, while playing the women's card on me, she's wrong!
i consider my health, stamina and strength one of my greatest  world has watched me for many years and can so testify-great genes!
but whenever she sees me, she kisses my ass. she's disgusting. @bettemidler
" @jimlibertarian : @nbcnewyork in god we trust and in donald we trust, donald will make america second to none in every aspect known to man!
still time to get out and vote!
“get in. get it done. get it done right. get out.” – fred c. trump (my father!)
“get in. get it done. get it done right. get out.” – my father, fred c. trump
my father's 4 step formula for success: "get in, get it done, get it done right, and get out." -- fred c. trump
thank you south carolina! everyone get out and vote tomorrow! we will  !
. @jebbush today said he didn't want to be the front-runner, he would rather be where he is now, 2%. that is the talk of a loser, can't win!
the debate last night proved that hillary is running against the “b” team. she won’t be so lucky when it comes to me!
we have the final six—and @liljon is the last remaining member of team power. he’s done a great job.
" @gmoneyrainmaker : i hope @cnn has enough bandwidth tonight because not many will be watching @foxnews . watching trump tonight  "
the boardroom and @wrestlemania - i'm watching great entertainment tonight!
" @gopjenna : "i don't care about the game, i care about the people." and that's exactly why we the people love you so much!  "
the organized group of people, many of them thugs, who shut down our first amendment rights in chicago, have totally energized america!
"there’s nothing “compassionate” about allowing welfare dependency to be passed from generation to generation." - time to get tough
make sure you get out and vote...most important election of our generation...go romney!
....that has served our country is put on a waiting list and gets no care.
i think that both candidates, crooked hillary and myself, should release detailed medical records. i have no problem in doing so! hillary?
... @barackobama is hiding plenty of bad things.
obama thinks he can just laugh off the fact that he refuses to release his records to the american public. he can't.
what's more important for the american public to have? @mittromney 's tax returns or @barackobama 's sealed records?
remember, go vote--we need real change this time.
is this hope & change? a record 46.7m americans were on food stamps this past june. we must do better.
thank you for your wonderful endorsement today @tgowdysc . it means a great deal to me. we will not disappoint!
the ny safe act is an unconstitutional attack on 2nd amendment rights. will also increase crime.
i don’t know what will happen with the lawsuit against dummy @billmaher but have an obligation to charity to bring it.
every dollar @barackobama spends costs $1.40 with interest borrowed from china on our children and grandchildren's backs. cut-cap-balance!
i don’t know whether i will win or lose the @billmaher lawsuit but had an obligation to sue for charity.
we have to make america great again!
achievers go for the challenge, so the next deal is what they're thinking about. they have an obligation to best themselves.
i knew joe paterno. when he heard what he heard, it just wasn't in his world--a different planet!
. @arseniohall just got “fired”—the people spoke, ratings were terrible. the apprentice brought him back from the dead, but he blew it!
everyone is starting to feel the new tax hikes. you get what you vote for!
the electoral college is a disaster for a democracy.
we are stupidly paying iran billions of dollars that we should not be paying. why isn't this part of the nuclear negotiations? really dumb!
. @mittromney must ask for obama's college records & applications--why is he not doing this?
. @mittromney shouldn't give additional tax returns until @barackobama gives his passport records, college records & applications...
will @jebbush , in his phony advertising campaign, show himself asking me to apologize to his wife in the debate?
the only job @barackobama cares about is his own. everything he does is for his own reelection.
most people do not know what presient obama is going to do to save his legacy. i do! he's got to get back to et syria-fix the usa
" @futureicon :donaldtrump continues to move up in the presidential polls as his message begin to resonate with the 'fed-up' american people."
president obama spoke for me and every american in his remarks in  connecticut.
entrepreneurs: learn to be succinct. can you tell someone your idea in three minutes or less? be clear and concise.
" @kathyshirer : your country needs you~~donald trump~~ your about the only one in the world; that can get us out of debt!" thank you!
we must do everything possible to keep this horrible terrorism outside the united states.
winning isn't everything, but the will to win is everything. -- vince lombardi
why isn’t the @gop congress doing everything possible to defund and cut obamacare?
“one reason many people do not do well in business is because they do not do well with people.” – midas touch
iron mike tyson was not asked to speak at the convention though i'm sure he would do a good job if he was. the media makes everything up!
@macys the donald j. trump signature line of shirts, ties, really beautiful suits and cufflinks is the best christmas & holiday gift by far
my new book  is the best present of the holiday season. a great gift for anyone who cares about this country.
president obama missed the deadline!
with christmas less than a week away, a great gift for a friend or loved one is  . it will be the best present you give!
my fragrance--"success"-- is flying off the shelves @macys . the perfect christmas gift!
obama keeps namedropping bill clinton-- he is no bill clinton.
just got back from iowa, great people!
does anybody remember when bill clinton, in 2008, worked long and hard for hillary? she lost! now bill is at it again. just watch.
whether you love, like or hate donald trump, i will be on bill o'reilly (fox) tonight at 8.00. bill knows trump is great for ratings!
just got back from iowa - had a great time with amazing people. will be back soon!
i have a proven track record supporting our veterans. veterans deserve universal access to care. va scandal proves politicians are inept.
obama:“i will destroy isis” = obama: “if you like your healthcare plan, you can keep your plan.”
jeb bush - “i am a conservative” = barack obama -“if you like your healthcare plan, you can keep your plan.”
obama: “i will control ebola.” = obama: “if you like your health care plan, you can keep your healthcare plan.”
the more you know, the more you realize how much you don't know. how can you possibly discover anything if you already know everything?
“if you strike out, nobody is going to help you--not your friends, not the government. you have to look to look out for yourself.”-think big
make sure to enjoy your time with your family during the holiday. it is a special time. love and appreciate your family.
make sure to have fun and celebrate nye with friends and family. happy new year everyone!
looking forward to being interviewed on the @marklevinshow tonight at 6:30 pm est. be sure to listen!
am now in . will be going to the . iowa at 5:30 . to speak to our great veterans and other friends!
i will be at @macy 's herald square at 5:30 pm today for the launch of my new fragrance  . come over and say hello!
wow - they are really killing jay leno - let him go out with dignity!
people like doing deals with me because they know it will be profitable, that i work quickly, and that they will be treated fairly.
we are getting reports from many voters that the cruz people are back to doing very sleazy and dishonest "pushpolls" on me. we are watching!
this is a great time for @ricksantorum to bow out with dignity.
entrepreneurs: we win in our daily lives by being careful with every day, every moment.
let’s all take a moment to remember all of the heroes from a very tragic day that we cannot let happen again!
still time to get out and vote!
. @genesimmons keep up the great work and congrats - we are proud of you!
tomorrow’s election will have historic repercussions for our country. make america strong again. vote for @mittromney .
thank you west virginia!
have a great weekend everybody - enjoy yourself but always keep your goals and aspirations in mind. never lose sight of the victory ahead!
let this be the day you go for your dream. focus, don't give up, and only accept total and complete victory. you can do it!
" @ijnipgm : no casualties. just victory, victory, and more victory as you proclaim the truth that is in your heart. we love god and usa"
thank you west virginia. let's keep it going. go out and vote on tuesday - we will win big.
i hope you can go to @oreillyfactor and vote for donald trump in order to make america great again! thanks.
spitzer failed as ., failed as governor in disgrace, and was fired on all . shows (boring and zero ratings), and he's at it again!
"a general is just as good or just as bad as the troops under his command make him." --douglas macarthur
"a general is just as good or just as bad as the troops under his command make him.” - gen. douglas macarthur
"a general is just as good or just as bad as the troops under his command make him." --general douglas macarthur
" @piersmorgan : jeb bush was as ineffectual as ever. as always, @david_gergen calls it right: trump held them off.  "
sorry banks, when we accused lightweight ag eric schneiderman of not going after banks, he started going after banks—but years too late!
greatly dishonest of @tedcruz to file a financial disclosure form & not list his lending banks- then pretend he is going to clean up wall st
@neanderthalman1 nobody says this!
thank you connecticut, delaware, maryland, pennsylvania, and rhode island!
thank you rhode island!
thank you for a great day yesterday, rhode island!
thank you california, connecticut, maryland, and pennsylvania!
on the way to the great state of rhode island- big rally. then to pennsylvania for rest of day and night!
"the best luck of all is the luck you make for yourself." -- douglas macarthur
@jeffphilbin wishing you good luck and a happy birthday.
@fromjoachim2you congratulations and all the best to you.
“the best luck of all is the luck you make for yourself.” – general douglas macarthur""
“the best luck of all is the luck you make for yourself.” – general douglas macarthur
we need a president who isn't a laughing stock to the entire world. we need a truly great leader, a genius at strategy and winning. respect!
we need a dealmaker in the white house, who knows how to think innovatively and make smart deals.  .
is that all there is? we need a new president - fast!
" @sethanatorr :trump should run for president. we need him. obama has accomplished nothing. we all know mr. trump knows how to get stuff done
" @buffyg6820 : we need a president that is for the usa, donald trump knows how to make an empire.  inc.-buffy  "
" @kittreantanner :more interviews, mr trump. the more you talk @what you would do if president, the more people want to hear more from you."
thank you for your support!
i never want someone working for me who doesn’t want to be there--and in the same way, you shouldn’t want to be there, either.
"the best luck of all is the luck you make for yourself." -- douglas macarthur
i don't want to be the only billionaire in america---i want all americans to be rich.
" @sensanders : i have a message for donald trump: no, we’re not going to hate latinos, we’re not going to hate muslims." i fully agree!
"if you're going through hell, keep going." --winston churchill
"if you're going through hell, keep going." -- winston churchill
the press is going out of their way to convince people that i do not like or respect women, when they know that it is just the opposite!
"if you're going to think--think big" --- the art of the deal
" @oldmanconroy : it's called "climate change". no, they changed it to "climate change" when "global warming" wasn't working anymore-too cold!
the least number of hurricanes in the . in decades. so they change global warming (too cold) to climate change-now what will they call it
it's not climate change,it's global 't let the dollar sucking wiseguys change names midstream because the first name didn't work
the weather has been so cold for so long that the global warming hoaxsters were forced to change the name to climate change to keep $ flow!
president obama was terrible on @60minutes tonight. he said climate change is the most important thing, not all of the current disasters!
sorry, there is no star on the stage tonight!
expect the best from people. they will rise to the challenge and it's important to inspire confidence.
crooked hillary clinton mentioned me 22 times in her very long and very boring speech. many of her statements were lies and fabrications!
" @worldreachtech : @greta gotta respect donald, greta. if ever anyone nailed obama for who and what he really is and has done it's donald."
" @2009softail : you nailed it on @oreillyfactor tonite. you say what most middle class folks yell at their tv every night - you speak 4 us"
"the system is rigged!"
i look so forward to debating crooked hillary clinton! democrat primaries are rigged, e-mail investigation is rigged - so time to get it on!
@barackobama 's jobs plan sure looks like a tax increase plan to me.
it's boardroom time! does anyone miss @omarosa ?
president said we would never leave a soldier behind. how about the 4 who died in benghazi?
" @are_jay_sea : we need donaldtrump in the white house in 2016. someone w/o political agenda & who just wants to make our country great again
keep lightweight marco and his friends out of the white house.
via @slate : who won the  ?
there can never be a sharp economic recovery until @barackobama is out of the white house.
it is truly amateur hour at the white house - and this is why we should not be doing the "war thing" right now!
watch celebrity apprentice, on now!
watch face the nation - will be on now!
watch @ac360 on now! @cnn
" @parker_votes : we finally have a voice with let’s do our part & vote in the r primary, 4    "
@anthonynotweet make sure you are doing what you love to do. you need passion to keep you going.
“if we get tough and make the hard choices, we can make america a rich nation—and respected—once again.” – time to get tough
hillary said with respect to isis, "we are finally where we need to be." do we want 4 more years of incompetent leadership? maga!
" @kittreantanner :more interviews, mr trump. the more you talk @what you would do if president, the more people want to hear more from you."
do you agree with the client's decision?
“the only way to do great work is to love what you do. if you haven’t found it yet, keep looking. don’t settle.” – steve jobs
" @oldmanconroy : it's called "climate change". no, they changed it to "climate change" when "global warming" wasn't working anymore-too cold!
does anybody really believe that bill clinton and the . talked only about "grandkids" and golf for 37 minutes in plane on tarmac?
wrong, used to be called global warming and when that name didn't work, they deftly changed it to climate change-because it's freezing!
chicago is a shooting disaster-they should immediately go to stop and frisk. they have no choice, hundreds of lives would be saved!
hillary says things can't change. i say they have to change. it's a choice between americanism and her corrupt globalism.
q/a @stalkinpeople yes, i'd give the real numbers.
entrepreneurs: being stubborn is a big part of being a winner. don't give in and don't give up!
@forq2 are you making less than minimum wage, don't worry, the government will protect you. afraid to give your real name? you should be.
“never give up on yourself.” – think big
“chalk failure up to experience, don’t take it personally, and go find your next challenge.” – trump: never give up
the middle-class has worked so hard, are not getting the kind of jobs that they have long dreamed of - and no effective raise in years. bad
mitt's proposed tax cuts for the middle class will spur record economic growth.
@barackobama 's jobs plan sure looks like a tax increase plan to me.
. @club4growth asked me for $1 million. i said no. now falsely advertising that i will raise taxes. i’ll lower big league for middle class.
re-build the es not places that hate our country and everything we stand for!
"when everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it." -- henry ford
"to have a government we can afford we need to eliminate the tremendous waste clogging the system"
“there is a point in every contest when sitting on the sidelines is not an option.” -- dean smith
we have to make the . rich again so that we can afford to pay social security, medicare,and medicaid and strong to keep our enemies out
the election is trending towards @mittromney . americans know we can't afford another 4 years of the obama economic decline.
@bbpack you have real talent!
america needs a tough negotiator---not a community organizer.
america is at a great disadvantage. putin is ex-kgb, obama is a community organizer. unfair.
i will be talking about my wonderful experience in iowa and the simultaneous unfair treatment by the media-later in new hampshire. big crowd
“ @barackobama may have been a good ‘community organizer,’ but the man is a lousy international dealmaker.”
my campaign for president is $35,000,000 under budget, i have spent very little (and am in 1st place).now i will spend big in iowa/./.
. @peggynoonannyc an election between hillary and myself will be the biggest voter turnout in . history. just like the debates 24 m vs 2m.
numerous polls have me beating hillary clinton. in a race with her, voter turnout will be the highest in . history-i get most new voters!
the person that hillary clinton least wants to run against is, by far, me. it will be the largest voter turnout ever - she will be swamped!
we, as a country, either have borders or we don't. if we don't have borders, we don't have a country!
" @jimlibertarian @grantrobertb @michaelcohen212 you're damn right we want the truth,we've been lied to 4 years and we've had it.  "
the today show should call me about who to put on the show— i know more about people who get ratings than anyone.
i will be on @meetthepress at 10:30. @nbc will be releasing their new poll numbers. based on the debate results, i should do well-who knows?
the stage is set for the real debate--it will be very interesting!
will be interviewed on the @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00 . will be talking about the debate, and more!
" @jeffjeffsc777 :the presidential candidates are about to be trumped this will be a landslide the country is ready for a leader with results"
thank you for your support!
entrepreneurs: when negotiating, don't be an open book. know that the only person on your side might be yourself.
& together we will  ! thank you for your support!
because of me, the republican party has taken in millions of new voters, a record. if they are not careful, they will all leave. sad!
the jets should have let them score to get the number one draft pick, who will be really good. it will just never change for them!
poll - thank you!
new  . thank you america!
thank you - so nice.
thank you @greta .
thank you- new york! i love you!
@swanrose2013 i create jobs!
obama has no understanding of how to create jobs or opportunity. he believes in government.
@barackobama 's jobs plan sure looks like a tax increase plan to me.
when will @barackobama release an actual budget?
@barackobama ’s new job plan will certainly do the following – 1. not create any jobs. 2. borrow more money from china.
i've had enough of this - good night!
@alancravey that is something to think about, isn't it!
i would absolutely kill jon stewart(?) in a debate - it would be no contest - he's not fast enough or smart enough (only obnoxious enough!).
did you ever not do something that had you done it would have turned out to be a disaster. never look back, just learn from your experience!
it's not enough that we do our best; sometimes we have to do what's required. -- winston churchill
my father's 4 step formula for success: "get in, get it done, get it done right, and get out." -- fred c. trump
no cuts to welfare, no cuts to food stamps & not a single cut to obamacare, yet the new budget cuts military benefits. sad!
“get in. get it done. get it done right. get out.” – my father, fred c. trump
“get in. get it done. get it done right. get out.” – fred c. trump (my father!)
this ‘deal’ @rnc voted for has $41 in tax increases for every $1 in spending cuts. it is pathetic. obama is laughing at them.
in las vegas, getting ready to speak!
will be interviewed on @morning_joe at 7:20. great crowd in las vegas yesterday!
bring in the new year with style in las vegas. @trumplasvegas is the place to be.
i will be on @seanhannity tonight- from las vegas, nevada at 10pme. enjoy!
getting ready to go to las vegas (freedom fest) - great crowd. then on to amazing phoenix - that will be a total happening! love america.
“the object of war is not to die for your country but to make the other bastard die for his.” - gen. george s. patton
why do we continue to sit idly by while china steals our national security and corporate secrets? china is an enemy, not a friend.
“live free or die.” – motto of new hampshire
i don't want to be the only billionaire in america---i want all americans to be rich.
i never want someone working for me who doesn’t want to be there--and in the same way, you shouldn’t want to be there, either.
we are one nation. when one hurts, we all hurt. we must all work together-to lift each other up.
we are one nation. when one state hurts, we all hurt. we must all work together - to lift each other up.
" @paulkellysr mr trump thanks for saying what millions are thinking. we need to turn america around if we want to save her."
make america great again!
make america great again! make america safe again!
we have to make america great again!
" @lee_richter : trump will make america safe again...he will make america legal again...he will make america great again!  usa"
thank you! we will make america great again!
we only want to admit those who love our people and support our values.
i never want someone working for me who doesn’t want to be there--and in the same way, you shouldn’t want to be there, either.
is that all there is? we need a new president - fast!
" @123jayne : that's our president! that's why we need you to run in 2016! i know you would never waste our money! president trump"
" @pattyds50 : @foxnews we want donald !! yah next president!   " we will all make america great again!
when will @barackobama release his transcripts? what is he hiding?
... @barackobama is hiding plenty of bad things.
why did @mittromney give his tax returns without demanding that obama release his college records & applications in return?
tax experts throughout the media agree that no sane person would give their tax returns during an audit. after the audit, no problem!
no wonder boxing is close to dead!
when you do your christmas shopping remember how disloyal @macys was to the subject of illegal immigration.
if only the illegals were tea party members then obama would get them out of the country immediately.
in his prime, i predicted that @repweiner would never be mayor & i was right for all of the wrong reasons.
i was never a fan of bush 2 for many reasons, including the fact that we should never have gone into iraq but once there, kept the oil! dumb
why are the republicans giving obama fast track authority for tpp and the iran agreement?! obama gets more from the gop than his own party.
i hate hearing after all of the hard work that @mittromney never wanted to become president.
i am not just running against crooked hillary clinton, i am running against the very dishonest and totally biased media - but i will win!
more poll results from last nights commander-in-chief forum.
if any candidate believes that with what we know today we still should have invaded iraq then they are unqualified to be commander-in-chief.
final poll results from nbc on last nights commander-in-chief forum. thank you!
"@jak00seven: if you like how @hillaryclinton handled  , then you'll just her as commander-in-chief  "
obama can attend a fundraiser every day but can’t be bothered to get briefed on national security. commander-in-chief?!
everyone's favorite frontman, twisted sister lead singer @deesnider returns to this year’s all-star @apprenticenbc . dee does great!
which team is your favorite?
@spearstim can't pick a favorite--thanks.
wow! i just heard that the previously unknown singer mac miller has received over 67 million hits on his song "donald trump."
further proof that gang of eight member marco rubio is weak on illegal immigration is paul singer's, mr. amnesty,  can't win
" @greggscharin : we need you to push the issues that this country is facing, no one else will lay it on the line like you will!  "
go out and vote--- this will be the most important election of our time!
just landed in new hampshire. will be at the venue shortly.
i'm at trump doral right now, tiger will tee off shortly.
the gop doesn't waste an opportunity to waste an opportunity. defunding obamacare should be central to any deal.
" @joenbc : trump expressed concerns months after the iraq war began, while 60% of americans still supported the war.  "
why would anybody listen to @mittromney ? he lost an election that should have easily been won against obama. by the way,so did john mccain!
@alancravey that is something to think about, isn't it!
. @justinrose99 great playing--we are proud of you!
. @joan_rivers get well soon joan - keep fighting!
“your money should be at work at all times. even in the worst economy, there is no excuse." - think like a billionaire
there is no excuse for riots in ferguson regardless of the grand jury outcome.
the republican party of new york has been conditioned to lose, and there is no excuse for this. leadership must move fast and decisively!
young entrepreneurs – the holiday season is here but that is no excuse not to stay on top of your business prospects. focus!
the federal gov. has handled sandy worse than katrina. there is no excuse why people don't have electricity or fuel yet.
our visa system is broken, like so much else in our country. we better get it fixed really fast. make america great again!
great poll- thank you nevada!
unlike the other republican candidates, i will be in nevada all day and night - i won't be fleeing, in and out. i love & invest in nevada!
our country and it's leadership has to be so careful and so smart - these are treacherous times, like no other. the world is a crazy place!
iraq is no longer our problem. we never should have been there in the first place!
just leaving . had great meetings with republicans in the house and senate. very interesting day! these are people who love our country!
our country and our "leaders" are getting dumber all the time. now they are about to release full documentation on torture. will destroy cia
for the republicans to have any success these next two years, they must have a long game plan...
we will bring america together as one country again – united as americans in common purpose and common dreams.
thank you! together we will  !
thank you for your support! together we can  !
@bornagain8344 will they pay us for the help-they have plenty of money (oil).
no @dannyzuker it's making you crazy because you don't have the guts to play the game. come on danny, you can do it!
thank you! together we will  !
proud to see my friend governor chris christie standing up for israel on his visit. standing tall!
. @heytana , great job - we are all proud of you!
. @ximenanr great job, we are all proud of you - one of our all time best!
thank you @donaldjtrumpjr . proud of you!
. @genesimmons keep up the great work and congrats - we are proud of you!
" @veteran4trump : vets for a strong america endorses donald trump for president; "we've endorsed him, we believe in him"
obama has not passed a single budget in 4 years. democrats don’t even vote them in congress. he has failed to lead!
" @foxnews : . @jamesrosenfnc : "never before has a president endorsed someone under investigation by @thejusticedept ."
president obama thinks the nation is not as divided as people think. he is living in a world of the make believe!
" @rockchristopher : i wasnt satisfied just to earn a good living. i was looking to make a statement. ~ donald trump
spent time with indiana governor mike pence and family yesterday. very impressed, great people!
look forward to introducing governor mike pence (who has done a spectacular job in the great state of indiana). my first choice from start!
look forward to governor mike pence . introduction tomorrow in new york city.
mike & mike in one minute!
on mike and mike, @espn in two minutes!
president obama has a personal responsibility to visit & embrace all people in the us who contract ebola!
i'll be co-hosting @extratv tonight. be sure to tune in!
congratulations to all the trump 2012  contestants who came from across the world. you did great and made us all proud!
fun to watch the democrats working so hard to win the great state of south carolina when i just won the republican version - amazing people!
thanks @andreatantaros for all of your kind words and thoughts. big progress is being made. keep up the great work!
" @therealtommydel trump for president! tom brady as running mate?"
"if you're going to think--think big" --- the art of the deal
who do you think is going home?
if you're going to be thinking, you may as well think big.
there's only only one person who has defunded medicare. his name is @barackobama .
my condolences and prayers to the victims of the terrorist attack in paris.
my prayers are with the victims and hostages in the horrible paris attacks. may god be with you all.
horrific incident in fl. praying for all the victims & their families. when will this stop? when will we get tough, smart & vigilant?
my prayers and condolences to the victims and families of the terrible tragedy in nice, france. we are with you in every way!
on 9/11, we pray for the victims and their families of the attack and give thanks to all who have sacrificed for justice & our freedom.
on my way to iowa. will be landing in des moines in two hours. see ya!
thank you des moines, iowa! governor @mike_pence and i appreciate your support!
a great evening in iowa! thank you des moines area community college for a great forum!
the ultra liberal and seriously failing des moines register is begging my team for press credentials to my event in iowa today-but they lie!
new cnn iowa poll -- 33, cruz 20. everyone else way down! don't trust des moines register poll- biased towards trump!
friday is the last day to enter the counting sheep for hire contest. click here  and you could win a trip
rt: @thedailybeast : polling shows the @americanselect movement could still nominate a viable independent with a chance of victory...
" @joelleangeli : donaldtrump for president! give someone with the knowledge and power to change this country the chance! you'd have my vote!"
“destiny has a part to play in your life and in your business--so give it a chance to work.” – think like a champion
"destiny has a part to play in your life and in your business - so give it a chance to work." - think like a champion
total misnomer to call obamacare ‘the affordable care act.’ affordable for whom besides big businesses & congress w/their exemptions?
i am the best builder, just look at what i've built. hillary can't build. republican candidates can't build. they don't have a clue!
thank you @krauthammer for your nice comments on @oreillyfactor . a lot of progress is being made!
if you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing, you're right. -- henry ford
how can hillary run the economy when she can't even send emails without putting entire nation at risk?
whether you think you can or think you can't---you are right. -- henry ford
whether you think you can or think you can't, you're right. -- henry ford
"whether you think you can or think you can't--you're right." henry ford
how can an attorney general ask for campaign contributions during his evaluation of a case - a total sleazebag!
thanks to everyone for your kind birthday wishes -- very nice!
illegal use of official attorney general stationary by lightweight @agschneiderman .
@chiamboy8 thanks for your kind thoughts, i love .
job tip: if you were the employer, what kind of person would you most desire as an employee? be that person.
many people ask me to review things. as i see them, i will do so.
thanks @mickyarison for your nice statement @bltprimemiami @trumpdoral . i just want to do as well as you have with @miamiheat . see u soon
entrepreneurs: see each day as an opportunity to show what you can do at the highest level. take responsibility for yourself!
“be ready for problems-you’ll have them every day. keep your focus and be as big as your daily challenges.” – trump never give up
entrepreneurs: keep your eyes on your ideals as well as reality. accentuate the positive without being blind to the negative.
thank you america! together, we will all  !
thank you! together we will  !
we can't let this happen. we should march on washington and stop this travesty. our nation is totally divided!
let’s all take a moment to remember all of the heroes from a very tragic day that we cannot let happen again!
the republicans can absolutely win if they stick together-but they are not sticking together. sen. mccain just said "we can't win".very bad!
make sure you get out and vote...most important election of our generation...go romney!
"there’s nothing “compassionate” about allowing welfare dependency to be passed from generation to generation." - time to get tough
immigration reform really changes the voting scales for the republicans—for the worse!
today is the first day of the rest of your life - make the most of it!
what separates the winners from the losers is how a person reacts to each new twist of fate.
our next vice president of the united states of america, gov. @mike_pence !
what about the undocumented immigrant with a record who killed the beautiful young women (in front of her father) in san fran. get smart!
hillary clinton surged the trade deficit with china 40% as secretary of state, costing americans millions of jobs.
isis gained tremendous strength during hillary clinton's term as secretary of state. when will the dishonest media report the facts!
we have a sacred duty to care for our vets and their families. veterans deserve universal access to care anywhere and anytime!
it would be nice if our commander-in-chief was as concerned for our veterans health as he is for illegal immigrants becoming citizens.
“do your duty and a little more and the future will take care of itself.” - andrew carnegie
we have a sacred duty to care for our vets and their families. our vets are owed full access to healthcare anytime & anywhere!
i have a proven track record supporting our veterans. veterans deserve universal access to care. va scandal proves politicians are inept.
"even if you're on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there." --will rogers
if you're going to be thinking, you may as well think big.
just shows that you can have all the cards and lose if you don’t know what you’re doing.
if you're passionate about your work, you will never give up.
" @b_thornton66 : if you were to run for president, you'd have my vote! you're what this country needs!   "
president obama thinks the nation is not as divided as people think. he is living in a world of the make believe!
can anyone imagine chafee as president? no way.
get snowden back from russia—he has done tremendous damage to the us & should pay a very heavy price.
snowden is doing great damage to our relations with other countries and tige. china is laughing at us as he continues illegal action
can you imagine what putin and all of our friends and enemies throughout the world are saying about the . as they watch the ferguson riot
the media is so after me on women wow, this is a tough business. nobody has more respect for women than donald trump!
whitney houston was a great friend and an amazing talent. we will all miss her and send our prayers to her family.
" @schuetzkatie : please hear my prayers and run for president when the time comes!!! please america needs you!!!   "
thoughts and prayers are with everyone in west virginia- dealing with the devastating floods.
dwight howard just signed with houston.
thoughts & prayers with everyone in lafayette, louisiana this evening.
happy thanksgiving everyone, enjoy your day!
@thesween_bean thank you and happy thanksgiving.
happy thanksgiving to all--even the haters and losers!
who is winning the debate so far (just last name)?
my best wishes to everyone for a happy thanksgiving!
do you believe that secy. kerry just went to egypt to talk about "human rights problems" and this as everything is being blown up around him
@barackobama inherited $10.6 trillion in national debt---will leave after his first term with the debt at over $17.6 trillion.
national debt january 2009 = $10.6 trillion august 2016 = $19.4 trillion
@barackobama 's jobs plan sure looks like a tax increase plan to me.
it’s amazing how people can talk about me but i’m not allowed to talk about them.
when i say i would end obamacare, i would also come up with a plan that would be far better, much easier to understand, and cost less!
“think of yourself as a one-man army. you’re not only the commander in chief, you’re the soldier as well.” – think like a billionaire
if you're going to be thinking, you may as well think big.
things happen that make you question whether you should keep going. as long as you are enjoying what you are doing, keep going.
“go as far as you can see; when you get there, you'll be able to see farther.” -- j. p. morgan
"go as far as you can see; when you get there, you'll be able to see farther." -- . morgan
hillary will never reform wall street. she is owned by wall street!
thank you west virginia!
i never want someone working for me who doesn’t want to be there--and in the same way, you shouldn’t want to be there, either.
we only want to admit those who love our people and support our values.
we are trying to fight isis, and now our own people are killing our police. our country is divided and out of control. the world is watching
think big! you are going to be thinking anyway, so you might as well think big!
 @la_reid : i like thinking big. if you’re going to be thinking anything, you might as well think big.  trump  
9 million fewer people voted for obama this election than last & yet the republicans lost—do you think they might be doing something wrong!
“i like thinking big. to me it’s very simple: if you’re going to be thinking anyway, you might as well think big.” – the art of the deal
" @femiadebanji : i like thinking big. if you’re going to be thinking anything, you might as well think big. – donald trump"
bullshit-pop gave me knowledge and a relatively small amount of money (split between brothers and sisters) and i built it into over 9 bill.
on 9/11, we pray for the victims and their families of the attack and give thanks to all who have sacrificed for justice & our freedom.
@johnrich and @marleematlin were on  —and they’re back!
@pastorshanewest hi to your sons. tell them to never give up!
these tsarnaev brothers did not work alone. they had help and assistance from other cell members. be vigilant and on the lookout.
we have got to take our country back. it's time!
mexico will pay for the wall!
hillary will never reform wall street. she is owned by wall street!
this ‘deal’ @rnc voted for has $41 in tax increases for every $1 in spending cuts. it is pathetic. obama is laughing at them.
when will the democrats, and hillary in particular, say "we must build a wall, a great wall, and mexico is going to pay for it?" never!
we pay a disproportionate share of the cost of . why? it is time to renegotiate, and the time is now!
economic growth can save social security, medicare and america.
if you think we have a problem with social security and medicare now, try taking in millions of new citizens all at once.
hillary clinton is a major national security risk. not presidential material!
the hillary clinton staged event yesterday was pathetic. be careful hillary as you play the war on women or women being degraded card.
democrats try so hard to mock & belittle republicans—& the republicans just don’t fight back—no energy!
"go with your gut. take chances. if you think you have the ingredients that you need, take chances, because your biggest successes...
our nation is a once great nation divided!
miss usa tara conner will not be fired - "i've always been a believer in second chances." says donald trump
good news is melania's speech got more publicity than any in the history of politics especially if you believe that all press is good press!
. @cnbc has just agreed that the debate will be two hours. fantastic news for all, especially the millions of people who will be watching!
most people think small, because most people are afraid of success, afraid of making decisions, afraid of winning. the art of the deal
“most people think small because most people are afraid of success, afraid of making decisions, afraid of winning” the art of the deal
the @yankees should immediately stop paying a-rod—he signed his contract without telling them he was a druggie.
@stockmarket100 it might but there'd be "hell to pay!"
" @joeyjoe78 : great point! freedom is not free and the american people are tired of paying for it! it's time for other nations to pay up!"
most people think small, because most people are afraid of success, afraid of making decisions, afraid of winning. the art of the deal
“most people think small because most people are afraid of success, afraid of making decisions, afraid of winning” the art of the deal
@rodstowell73 they are all afraid to use it because they know what will happen - thanks!
are people really afraid of @omarosa would you be?
. @rnc leadership should not be afraid of a government shutdown. they should be afraid of not defunding obamacare.
i wish tonight's debate would cover more than foreign policy.
who are your favorites on team power? team plan b?
what team would you choose to win?
congratulations to our olympic team for by far winning the most medals, including first place gold.
" @cheflucky23 : you have my vote and a volunteer, please run we need a president that can bring the pride back in being american! "
entrepreneurs: keep your momentum. see yourself as victorious and leading a winning team. keep everyone moving forward.
@pikedagger1868 keep your chin up, keep going.
“to keep momentum, keep challenging yourself.” – think big
@candi2577 great! keep working hard.
things happen that make you question whether you should keep going. as long as you are enjoying what you are doing, keep going.
you have to believe in what you want. keep your focus, keep your momentum--and remain patient and persistent.
when will we see stories from cnn on clinton foundation corruption and hillary's pay-for-play at state department?
i’ll bet obama now uses the amendment for the debt ceiling.
yes, all-star @apprenticenbc contestant @thegarybusey is a little out there. but he uses his ‘uniqueness’ to his advantage.
why is it that when warren buffett uses the bankruptcy laws to his benefit, nobody cares, but with me they go nuts!
either miss pennsylvania will pay, her father will pay or her lawyers will pay. she hurt many people!
thank you! together we will  !
going on letterman now - let me know what you think - how did i do? here we go!
sanders says he wants to run against me because he doesn't want to run against me. he would be so easy to beat!
thank you america! together- we will  !
"@ray_chipendo: we are able to do certain things only because we do not know they are impossible. donald trump"
to the brave men and women, past and present, in our armed services- best wishes on veterans day.
thank you to all of our amazing military families, service members, and veterans.
our great veterans are being treated very badly because of corruption and incompetence at the . that will stop, i will fix this quickly!
....john mccain has failed miserably to fix the situation and to make it possible for veterans to successfully manage their lives.
how can an attorney general ask for campaign contributions during his evaluation of a case - a total sleazebag!
" @usarestoring : @hillaryclinton 's toast. dems had better get the"b team" off the bench. @tgowdysc for attorney general under president trump
illegal use of official attorney general stationary by lightweight @agschneiderman .
hillary will never reform wall street. she is owned by wall street!
occupy wall street is at it again- go out and get a job. it's actually easier work and far more rewarding.
crooked hillary clinton is bought and paid for by wall street, lobbyists and special interests. she will sell our country down the tubes!
when will the democrats, and hillary in particular, say "we must build a wall, a great wall, and mexico is going to pay for it?" never!
wall street paid for ad is a fraud, just like crooked hillary! their main line had nothing to do with women, and they knew it. apologize?
what team would you choose to win?
if you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing, you're right. -- henry ford
how did obama go to a las vegas fundraiser on 9.12, the day after he refused to send help to americans in benghazi?
with 50 days until the election, it is  for @mittromney & @gop
entrepreneurs: see each day as an opportunity to show what you can do at the highest level.
7 million americans are going to lose their jobs due to obamacare. 46 million face 300% premium increases. defund!
the american people agree. no free pass for  !
notice that illegal immigrants will be given obamacare and free college tuition but nothing has been mentioned about our veterans
"@fsdiva06: santa...all i want for christmas.  kids to be healthy  pay off all our debt be debt free 3. donaldtrump become president
@phil_grech your not free, you'll never be free. you'll be back (if you ever left) because you can't help yourself!
keep wednesday morning free. you will want to see this!
who would you most like to see win  ?
if i would have done the last debate, a record would have been set (instead of the poor ratings recieved). also, vets got $6,000,000.
. @lord_sugar if you didn’t say the ipod would be gone in a year, you might have been really rich instead of the peanut money you have.
the water damage to nyc is amazing. the winds were bad but the water was worse.
very sad what happened last night at the miss universe pageant. i sold it 6 months ago for a record price. this would never have happened!
 @vallian_ghali : if you're born poor, it's not your mistake. but if you die poor, it's really your mistake.  trump
" @riannarichards : this is why i agree with donald trump: they should ban flights from  infected countries from entering the ."
stop the ebola patients from entering the . treat them, at the highest level, over there. the united states has enough problems!
don't worry, the united states will be great again!
hillary clinton said that it is . to ban muslims from israel by building a wall, but not . to do so in the . we must be vigilant!
" @veteran4trump : vets for a strong america endorses donald trump for president; "we've endorsed him, we believe in him"
i'm looking forward to the super bowl but looking even more forward to monday night at 8:00 - best episode ever of celebrity apprentice!
thanks @renee2i for hosting me tomorrow at the two international group! looking forward to making new friends & discussing  topics.
looking forward to returning to the hawkeye state this saturday to support my friend and strong conservative @stevekingia !
welcome to twitter, @melaniatrump !
" @marooose @trump_ireland welcome to ireland!very much looking forward to sampling  on my home soil!  " thank you!
do you believe this - iran wants to trade our 3 prisoners (not 4) for 19 prisoners held by the . should have been let go with last deal!
now that bush has wasted $120 million of special interest money on his failed campaign, he says he would end super pacs. sad!
never let them see you sweat!
i'll be at liberty university monday, 10 am, for speech. looking forward to meeting students--all sold out!
i have self funded my winning primary campaign with an approx. $50 million loan. i have totally terminated the loan!
today is the 53rd anniversary of the march on washington - today we honor the enduring fight for justice, equality and opportunity.
the final five—this has been a fight—and i think the fight will continue…
due to the horrific events taking place in our country, i have decided to postpone my speech on economic opportunity- today in miami.
@billnojay thank you for your great confidence! our state, like our country, is in serious trouble. keep up the good fight.
we are trying to fight isis, and now our own people are killing our police. our country is divided and out of control. the world is watching
thank you iowa! great night---see you soon!
thank you for your support!
thank you arizona! see you soon!
thank you for your support last night, iowa!
thank you georgia! see you soon!
"wealth comes from big goals and sustained action toward those goals every day." - think big
this is a movement!
thank you michigan. this is a movement. we are going to make america safe and great again!
@sinnerofa10shun work hard and love what you do!
@random5 you can and you will--work hard.
@subirchowdhury how are you - $5.5 million (a bargain).
the  was amazing --- so much fun!
. @nbcsnl - so much fun last night!
i agreed to take the worst spot at cpac because nobody else wanted it and it was the only time i could be there - it was great fun!
“we build too many walls and not enough bridges.” - isaac newton
. @hardball_chris must have the lowest iq on television—now telling people that domestic terrorists are from the right.
thank you  ,  ! remember this night & spread the word to get out &  !
just shows that you can have all the cards and lose if you don’t know what you’re doing.
the more you know, the more you realize how much you don't know. how can you possibly discover anything if you already know everything?
"you have to love what you do or you are never going to be successful no matter what you do in life." - think big
"you have to love what you do or you are never going to be successful no matter what you do in life.” - think big
if you're passionate about your work, you will never give up.
head of air force's anti-sexual assault unit arrested for sexual assault! it just seems that our country is not what it used to be.
sexual assault and rape in the armed forces is a massive problem that nobody wants to talk about or do anything about-the big dark secret!
" @d_raww16 : donald trump is his only good song in my opinion" except for his donald trump song, little mac miller's music sucks!
" @suhreenaa : donald trump still my favorite song!!"
do you believe this singing?
i am a republican...but the republicans may be the worst negotiators in history!
" @katilynn_paygee : donald trump will forever be the best mac miller song.."
" @stonebreakerii : i would most definitely vote for trump for president!! he would be a real leader unlike what we have now @oreillyfactor "
interesting how president obama so haltingly said i "would never be president" - this from perhaps the worst president in . history!
all 50 of the world's top 50 players will be at trump national doral on thursday - sunday for the cadillac world golf championship.
no president in history has lied to the american people more than president obama - in fact, it is not even close!
" @magicmetalninja : the trump movement will not be stopped. we support trump because he is a true american looking out for  ."
remember, china is not a friend of the united states!
we are now at a time, perhaps more than ever before, when the world needs great leadership!
the united states cannot continue to make such bad, one-sided trade deals. there are only so many jobs we can give up. no more!
forty -six million americans---more than at any time ever in the history of this country--now live under the poverty line.
the united states must immediately institute strong travel restrictions or ebola will be all over the united states-a plague like no other!
thank you for all of your support! let's  !
in some ways it is sad. we all wanted @barackobama to succeed. it's not worked out that way.
my heart goes out to the people of boston on this terrible day!
thank you west virginia. let's keep it going. go out and vote on tuesday - we will win big.
thank you for your support!
why isn't president obama working instead of campaigning for hillary clinton?
getting ready for the big news conference in dubai. it should all be happening in the ., but it isn't - sad!
@alancravey that is something to think about, isn't it!
@inkinhole very sad, isn't it!
why isn't mexico releasing our marine. . should come down really hard on them. they have zero respect for our so-called "leader"
" @sirmikeadams : why would trump run for president? he likes to be able to get things done, government doesn't. it can all change!
" @kata2bijak : you have to have big ideas, but you've got to have energy to get them done. ~ donald trump"
don't ever think you've done it all already or that you've done your best. that's a shortcut to undermining your own potential.
“get in. get it done. get it done right. get out.” – fred c. trump (my father!)
“get in. get it done. get it done right. get out.” – my father, fred c. trump
hillary defrauded america as secy of state. she used it as a personal hedge fund to get herself rich! corrupt, dangerous, dishonest.
" @brianjohnson4 : when you become president, who would be the secretary of the treasury? no one can run a business better that you."
do you believe this one - secretary of state john kerry just stated that the most dangerous weapon of all today is climate change. laughable
hillary clinton is not qualified to be president because her judgement has been proven to be so bad! would be four more years of stupidity!
" @stonebreakerii : i would most definitely vote for trump for president!! he would be a real leader unlike what we have now @oreillyfactor "
who would you like to see on next season of  ? let us know- everyone wants to be on it.
another company that the doe has given money to just filed for bankruptcy. this is how the money we borrow at 40% from china is wasted.
always borrow money from a pessimist because he will never expect it to be paid back!
“how much money can you stand to lose? that’s how much risk you should assume.” – think like a billionaire
“you have to have confidence in yourself and confidence to know that what you are doing is right.” – think big
so many major problems for the ., and no answers by our leaders. when will it all change? many of our difficulties are so easy to solve!
“confidence is contagious. so is lack of confidence.” - vince lombardi
@billnojay thank you for your great confidence! our state, like our country, is in serious trouble. keep up the good fight.
we cannot solve our problems with the same thinking we used when we created them. -- albert einstein
we are one nation. when one hurts, we all hurt. we must all work together-to lift each other up.
we are one nation. when one state hurts, we all hurt. we must all work together - to lift each other up.
thank you america! together, we will all  !
thank you america! together- we will  !
thank you! together we will  !
hillary clinton does not have the strength or stamina to be president. we need strong and super smart for our next leader - or trouble!
"to have a government we can afford we need to eliminate the tremendous waste clogging the system"
we need a president who isn't a laughing stock to the entire world. we need a truly great leader, a genius at strategy and winning. respect!
is that all there is? we need a new president - fast!
" @feyerwoman74 : you sir, are inspiring and what the country needs for a leader. we need a proven businessman who is a born leader!"
entrepreneurs: put everything you've got into what you're doing. know exactly what you want and go for it. nothing should be haphazard.
entrepreneurs: see yourself as victorious. this will focus you in the right direction. put everything you've got into what you're doing.
a feature on the progress of the course @ int'l  club will feature on @cnnlivinggolf thurs 8 may 2014 @0930 & 1630 gmt
such a great honor to be the republican nominee for president of the united states. i will work hard and never let you down! america first!
our next vice president of the united states of america, gov. @mike_pence !
president obama will go down as perhaps the worst president in the history of the united states!
" @sintianiej :donaldtrump @intheelections @southheastt oh yes the next president of the united states .my president donald trump . in 2016 ."
remember, china is not a friend of the united states!
it is outrageous and disgusting that families of . military personnel killed in action will not be given money for burials. sad!
hopefully the republican party can come together and have a big win in november, paving the way for many great supreme court justices!
if dummy bill kristol actually does get a spoiler to run as an independent, say good bye to the supreme court!
do you believe that secy. kerry just went to egypt to talk about "human rights problems" and this as everything is being blown up around him
we only want to admit those who love our people and support our values.
if the . government doesn't give the money necessary for the burials of our military personnel, i  . under obama's leadership!
i will bring our jobs back to america, fix our military and take care of our vets, end common core and obamacare, protect 2nd a, build wall
i like mexico and love the spirit of mexican people, but we must protect our borders from people, from all over, pouring into the .
the leader and negotiators representing mexico are far smarter and more cunning than the leader and negotiators representing the .!
go out and vote--- this will be the most important election of our time!
the republicans can absolutely win if they stick together-but they are not sticking together. sen. mccain just said "we can't win".very bad!
this was the republicans election to win but they just blew it--reasons why to follow.
thank you west virginia. let's keep it going. go out and vote on tuesday - we will win big.
this was the republicans election to win. @mittromney is a good man but he just never connected with the people.
thank you to our law enforcement officers!
thank you to our amazing law enforcement officers!
shooting deaths of police officers up 78% this year. we must restore law and order and protect our great law enforcement officers!
thank you to the amazing law enforcement officers in colorado!
thank you to all law enforcement agencies for a fabulous job!
we cannot solve our problems with the same thinking we used when we created them. -- albert einstein
during primetime of the iowa caucus, cruz put out a release that @realbencarson was quitting the race, and to caucus (or vote) for cruz.
go vote from now to 8:30 . nevada. i will be at various caucus sites. make america great again!
this was sent out from ted cruz- as iowans arrived at their caucus sites to vote.
just in, big news- i have been declared the winner of the cnmi rep caucus with 72.8% of the vote! thank you!
based on the fraud committed by senator ted cruz during the iowa caucus, either a new election should take place or cruz results nullified.
hillary will never reform wall street. she is owned by wall street!
no cuts to welfare, no cuts to food stamps & not a single cut to obamacare, yet the new budget cuts military benefits. sad!
crooked hillary is spending big wall street money on ads saying i don't have foreign policy experience, yet look what her policies have done
thank you! together we will  !
thank you for your support! together we can  !
thank you america! together- we will  !
thank you america! together, we will all  !
& together we will  ! thank you for your support!
we can create jobs in the american economy by protecting our own manufacturing sector.
" @jenniferjjacobs : trump: "protect the 2nd amendment...and by the way we’re going to be saying merry christmas again." iowa crowd loves it."
"@mrkhanm87: everyone wants to be donald trump, yet no one knows what he has been through in past. no one wants to accept the hard work."
our visa system is broken, like so much else in our country. we better get it fixed really fast. make america great again!
no matter how far down a path you go, if it's the wrong path, turn around and go back home - before it is too late.
sad to watch bernie sanders abandon his revolution. we welcome all voters who want to fix our rigged system and bring back our jobs.
"choose your own path: it doesn't have to be the path less traveled...what matters is that it's the right one for you." - vince lombardi
i hope everybody goes to macy's today to get donald j. trump shirts, ties, suits and cufflinks - they are really beautiful at low price
@barackobama has a record low 39% gallup approval rating. why so high?
amazing--obama speaks, market goes down-- tells cnbc he's buying stock---market goes up --- should not be that way!
"think big, set your vision high, and go for it. you'll be shocked by what you can accomplish when you do. " - midas touch
thanks for the tremendous support for my shirts, ties and suits at macy's. they do great because of really high quality at a low price.
"trust in god and be true to yourself." mary macleod trump "know everything you can about what you're doing." fred c. trump
my parents: "trust in god and be true to yourself." -- mary macleod trump "know everything you can about what you're doing." fred c. trump
" @jimlibertarian : @nbcnewyork in god we trust and in donald we trust, donald will make america second to none in every aspect known to man!
if alison grimes can’t admit she voted for obama, even if she is embarrassed, then you can’t trust her! vote @team_mitch !
" @gen_yvette : @markus_42 i'd vote for him if he were our candidate. i'd go door-to-do for him, too. i'd feel safe with him as president."
my condolences and prayers to the victims of the terrorist attack in paris.
yet another terrorist attack, this time in turkey. will the world ever realize what is going on? so sad.
iran's attack on israeli diplomats is an attack on the west
the attack on our libyan consulate was the worst attack on the us since 9/11. time for obama to come clean.
don't attack syria - an attack that will bring nothing but trouble for the . focus on making our country strong and great again!
trump will make america great!!!!
make america great again!
watch me on @hannityshow tonight at 9pm et on @foxnews .
we have to make america great again!
thank you! we will make america great again!
over 50 women were interviewed by the @nytimes yet they only wrote about 6. that’s because there were so many positive statements.
i am proud of the tea party. these great patriots have accomplished so much in strengthening our country in only 3 short years.
tonight on @extratv , i’m talking  . tune-in!
today is  on @squawkcnbc , 7:30 am. tune in!
will be on @morning_joe live from new hampshire - 7:00 . talking about the debate and more!
why is @randpaul allowed to take advantage of the people of kentucky by running for senator and pres. why should kentucky be back up plan?
i'm going to be live with @ericbolling and @kimguilfoyle to ring in the new year 2016. everybody should tune in to @foxnews tomorrow night!
china is filling the vacuum left by obama at the un on the world stage.
i'm sending lots of bottled water out to staten island & long island.
thank you rhode island!
going to new hampshire in a little while. big crowds!  !
thank you for a great day yesterday, rhode island!
" @patrickweeks : “it’s  , it’s  , it’s  . it’s  , from my standpoint, and i just love  .” ~ donald
i will make this right for our great vets!
i hope everyone, or rather almost everyone, had a great easter! we need our leaders to make great and wise decisions in these troubled times
the media is so after me on women wow, this is a tough business. nobody has more respect for women than donald trump!
what team would you choose to win?
we have got to take our country back. it's time!
" @baberuth99 : we've got your back mr. trump! we're not politicians (all talk and no action). just let us know what you need us to do."
this was the republicans election to win but they just blew it--reasons why to follow.
the losing team is now back in boardroom. i can't discuss the team members or what's going on or what happens from here on out.
" @rbacliff : hillary wants to rip the guns out of america's hands. no guns = no protection. get on  & join @nra to stop her."
fact – the tighter the gun laws, the more violence. the criminals will always have guns.
great evening in sarasota fl last night. record crowd--i loved the people & the energy.
"the ones who are crazy enough to think that they can change the world, are the ones who do." -- steve jobs
i will be speaking the night before the rnc in sarasota, fl, when i receive the "statesman of the year" award.
hillary's wars in the middle east have unleashed destruction, terrorism and isis across the world.
our national security starts at the border. do you think isis & al-qaeda are just in the middle east?
. @mittromney much better on libya and middle east problems. obama has no answer.
is it a coincidence that the middle east has blown up since obama became president?
look where the world is today, a total mess, and isis is still running around wild. i can fix it fast, hillary has no chance!
answers to your tweets coming soon
big announcement coming soon regarding south carolina…
. @georgetakei is doing really well & soon coming to broadway.
@missshavon1 @celebapprentice thanks, coming up soon, march 3rd.
. @arod is back on the dl. the coming suspension will be announced soon by @mlb .
a really bad night for president obama. now the republicans have to get together and get the job done!
in hillary clinton's america - things get worse.
“get in. get it done. get it done right. get out.” – fred c. trump (my father!)
“get in. get it done. get it done right. get out.” – my father, fred c. trump
thank you america! together- we will  !
obama will go down as the worst president in history on many topics but especially foreign policy.
our foreign policy decisions are dumbest in . history
" @electric988 : a smart, powerful, and successful man like donald trump would be the ideal president. we need you mr. trump!  "
i'm urging my friends in brooklyn to vote for bob turner tomorrow--send @barackobama a message.
problem with @gop is not their message, it’s that they are incapable of controlling the message.
what message does it send when @barackobama 's campaign has to spin whether america is better off than it was 4 years ago?
have any questions? send them in.  /a
i would absolutely kill jon stewart(?) in a debate - it would be no contest - he's not fast enough or smart enough (only obnoxious enough!).
the gop primary schedule is a disaster. not enough time.
. @rushlimbaugh is right—the republicans lost because they weren’t conservative enough—or tough enough.
@maxvayner your man, little jon s(?) can't win, he's not smart enough or quick enough!
@maxvayner stewart (?) wouldn't have even a little chance in a debate with me. he's totally overrated - not fast enough or smart enough!
we need much tougher, much smarter leadership - and we need it now!
hillary said with respect to isis, "we are finally where we need to be." do we want 4 more years of incompetent leadership? maga!
we need another bush in office about as much as we need obama to have a 3rd term. no more bushes!
" @carrillo_pete :  america great again. we need a outsider to bring class and discernment back to our nation. we need  "
thank you for all of your support! most importantly - we need to get everyone out to vote!
isn't it intetesting that anybody who attacks president obama is considered a racist by the real racists out there!
thank you indiana! will be back soon!
thank you evansville, indiana!
" @b_thornton66 : if you were to run for president, you'd have my vote! you're what this country needs!   "
make sure to vote today. vote for real change. change that will deliver jobs and a free & strong america. vote for @mittromney .
" @scott23youmans : if you run, i will vote for you. if you don't, shame on you. be cool!
should be public execution for all to see-you will end this bullshit fast!
welcome to twitter, @melaniatrump !
obama is community organizing from the oval office on ferguson today. more riots sure to follow.
i would like to wish everyone a happy and healthy new year. we must all work together to, finally, make america safe again and great again!
make sure to enjoy your time with your family during the holiday. it is a special time. love and appreciate your family.
thank you for your support!
" @mikeolmusic :i absolutely love your family mr. trump. i'm a humongous admirer of you and your family. can't wait to see the next season"
congrats to @barbarajwalters on winning the @madeinny mayor's award for lifetime achievement! i love barbara!
use your intelligence and your education to execute what your imagination presents to you. this is one step to becoming an entrepreneur.
the truth is that we could have much better healthcare in our country at a much more affordable price - everyone in . would benefit!
" @timwbyrd : donaldtrump i have so much faith in you that if you ran for president i know your the only one who could get america out of debt
i will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 . so much to talk about but not much good news for the . make america great again!
we have to make america great again!
i want to see @barackobama 's college records to see how he listed his place of birth in the application.
what is never said is that people take a big risk with their money and can lose it all. we should be given credit for taking this risk.
we have got to take our country back. it's time!
thank you, new hampshire!
thank you new hampshire!
i will be doing the @todayshow live from new hampshire at 7am on monday morning.
just landed in new hampshire - a very exciting morning planned!
leaving for new hampshire now. will be doing the @todayshow there, live at 7:00 . new @cbsnews poll of new hampshire: trump 38 carson 12!
thank you west virginia!
thank you oklahoma & virginia!
thank you senator @tedcruz !
thank you richmond, virginia!
thank you virginia! 15,000 amazing supporters! everyone get out and  tomorrow!
" @nicoleamarin : i can't wait to watch this season of  @donaldjtrumpjr i can't wait to watch @brandiglanville dominate!"
i am not only fighting crooked hillary, i am fighting the dishonest and corrupt media and her government protection process. people get it!
wow, hillary clinton was so insulting to my supporters, millions of amazing, hard working people. i think it will cost her at the polls!
who are your favorites on team power? team plan b?
congratulations to @stevekingia and his team on running a great campaign. steve is a strong leader in the house.
join us at 10pme on @abc2020 @abc with @barbarajwalters !
the losing team is now back in boardroom. i can't discuss the team members or what's going on or what happens from here on out.
i will be on @wolfblitzer for a @cnnsitroom interview today. please join us 5pm et.
robust economic growth is the answer to the medicare problem--not cuts on the elderly.
so, a woman in chicago, who never had a job, has 9 kids with 7 different men (she is one of many). these kids will never work. trouble!
mitt's proposed tax cuts for the middle class will spur record economic growth.
my message, make america great again, is beginning to take hold. bring back our jobs, strengthen our military and borders, help our vets!
i will be on state of the union @cnn with @jaketapper at 9am. enjoy!
thanks for all the nice words on my keeping the trump tower atrium accessible to stranded victims of  . my honor.
" @nancy_miracle : i hope that in my lifetime i will see you deliver a state of the union address. "president trump"....i'm ready for it!!!"
. @tigerwoods is playing like his old self in the farmers insurance open. he will have a great year.
i will be doing a major sit down interview on state of the union with jake tapper at 9:00 . on @cnn . enjoy!
i look forward to playing golf with president @barackobama someday.
i agree with marco rubio that ted cruz is a liar!
failed presidential candidate mitt romney was campaigning with john kasich & marco rubio, and now he is endorsing ted cruz. 1/2
thank you marco, i agree!
i will be on @foxandfriends at 8:30 . will be talking about lightweight marco rubio and lying ted cruz!
" @joenbc : marco rubio just criticized ted cruz for underperforming tonight. wow.  "
we have to make america great again!
what i am saying is that we never should have been in iraq in the first place. bush was terrible, obama is worse! make america great again.
happy thanksgiving - i hope everyone can get together to make america great again! it won't be easy, nothing is, but it can be done.
i believe america can be great only with proper leadership.
" @bigpeter184 turnberry is a great golf centre. great courses & hotel. hope you can improve them donald. it can be the best." will be great
"they succeed, because they think they can." -- virgil
" @wizhether : donaldtrump keep it up! they're attacking you because they're afraid. you're winning! we who love our country have your back!"
who are your favorites on team power? team plan b?
which team is your favorite?
the losing team is now back in boardroom. i can't discuss the team members or what's going on or what happens from here on out.
what team would you choose to win?
thank you, new hampshire!
thank you new hampshire!
going to new hampshire in a little while. big crowds!  !
new hampshire is a critical state for both candidates this year. i got to know new hampshire and love it.
such great support in new hampshire. so many people are working so hard to  !
" @catspolitics : some of us never stopped ignoring him. rt @slate : only the really smart one's never stopped.!
congratulations to @bobmcdonnell on leading virginia to be in the black for a 3rd straight year. he is a fantastic governor.
“get in. get it done. get it done right. get out.” – my father, fred c. trump
“get in. get it done. get it done right. get out.” – fred c. trump (my father!)
 @rajeevsamtani : get in, get it done, get it done right & get out  trump actually, told to me by my father, fred trump.
my father's 4 step formula for success: "get in, get it done, get it done right, and get out." -- fred c. trump
"you have to love what you do or you are never going to be successful no matter what you do in life." - think big
"you have to love what you do or you are never going to be successful no matter what you do in life.” - think big
our ally canada wants to send their oil down south to us. @barackobama is forcing canada to send it west to china.
things happen that make you question whether you should keep going. as long as you are enjoying what you are doing, keep going.
@pikedagger1868 keep your chin up, keep going.
entrepreneurs: keep your focus and keep your momentum. believe in yourself--if you don't, no one else will either.
“to keep momentum, keep challenging yourself.” – think big
you have to believe in what you want. keep your focus, keep your momentum--and remain patient and persistent.
always leave your ego at the door during negotiations. remember, it’s only business and there will always be another day!
ask yourself: "what can i learn today that i didn't know before?" always be a student, always be open to new ideas.
another question to ask yourself: what can i learn today that i didn't know before? always be a student, always be open to new ideas.
entrepreneurs: always remember that deals are fluid. terms are always negotiable and time can be the best option for success.
will be doing @seanhannity at 10 pm on @foxnews . as always with sean, will be interesting!
the  was amazing --- so much fun!
. @omarosa you were fantastic on television this weekend. thank you so much – you are a loyal friend!
rory, tiger, phil and ernie will be fun to watch this weekend at trump national doral.
have a great weekend everyone and for those of you that are young entrepreneurs, have fun but never stop thinking of the task ahead- victory
. @westwoodlee great going this weekend. you are a true champion!
melania and i will be appearing on larry king live tonight, 9 . on cnn. be sure to tune in for some great conversation!
i will be on piers morgan live tonight at 9 . on cnn. tune in!
tune in for  on @squawkcnbc tomorrow morning.
tune in for my interview with @gretawire tonight at 10 pm, @foxnews
i am on @foxandfriends now! tune in!
. @genesimmons is terrific--congratulations on hall of fame.
let pete rose into the hall of fame now - 35 years is enough!
i really liked everyone at the @wwe hall of fame ceremony--fantastic people!
tell me, which is “cooler”—my induction into the @wwe hall of fame or my star on the hollywood walk of fame?
i look forward to saturday night and being inducted into the @wwe hall of fame.
the young intern who accidentally did a retweet apologizes.
the republican platform is most pro-israel of all time!
thank you to the lgbt community! i will fight for you while hillary brings in more people that will threaten your freedoms and beliefs.
re miss universe pageant, we’ve spoken w/the lgbt community in russia who asked “please don’t leave, it would send the wrong signal.”
we, as a country, either have borders or we don't. if we don't have borders, we don't have a country!
thank you america! together, we will all  !
" @kata2bijak : you have to have big ideas, but you've got to have energy to get them done. ~ donald trump"
. @tedcruz should not make statements behind closed doors to his bosses, he should bring them out into the open - more fun that way!
what a tremendous speech by @mittromney yesterday on the economy in ohio.
“tomorrow hopes we have learned something from yesterday.” - john wayne
learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow. the important thing is not to stop questioning. -- albert einstein
re-build the es not places that hate our country and everything we stand for!
" @roniseale : the american people deserve a wall to protect our jobs, economy and our safety. i am the only candidate who would build it."
a great day in wisconsin! thank you  &  ! just arrived in  !
i find the photos of these children killed in newtown in the new york post heartbreaking.
congrats to @yankees on finishing 1st in the al east. derek jeter is great--good luck in the playoffs!
great day in virginia. crowd was fantastic!
remember to think big by expanding your horizons at the same time you're expanding your net worth.
remember to think big by expanding your horizons at the same time you’re expanding your net worth.
entrepreneurs: remember to think big by expanding your horizons at the same time you're expanding your net worth.
i’m self-funding and i am going to take care of the people – not the special interests and insurance companies like the other candidates.
quote: "if you have health insurance, you're not getting hit with a tax."
why do so many people say i hate president obama—i don’t hate the president at all. i just disagree with his policies!
who do you like - hate so far?
going now to make a major speech before some of the world's biggest investors in dubai!
we just had the worst jobs report since 2010.
"the biggest doers often suffer the biggest setbacks in life...
@jeff_m_hamilton it's about time!
" @aguscalo :every time that somebody ask me about my future i always say: "i want to be like donald trump". you're such an inspiration"thanks
carl icahn said this about me: "i think at this moment in time, he’s the only candidate that speaks out about the country’s problems."
i know it has been many years since our country made great deals, but isn't it about time we start, right now. make america great again!
i never made the ridiculous comment about james g. and obama care - somebody else put it out and attributed it to me. not my style!
congratulations to our olympic team for by far winning the most medals, including first place gold.
hillary will never reform wall street. she is owned by wall street!
. @cnbc has just agreed that the debate will be two hours. fantastic news for all, especially the millions of people who will be watching!
@forq2 are you making less than minimum wage, don't worry, the government will protect you. afraid to give your real name? you should be.
goofy elizabeth warren lied when she says i want to abolish the federal minimum wage. see media—asking for increase!
trump will make america great!!!!
make america great again!
we have to make america great again!
thank you! we will make america great again!
make america great again! make america safe again!
with 50 days until the election, it is  for @mittromney & @gop
i own turnberry, in scotland, one of great resorts in world. women’s british open there this week. i’ll go for two days & back on trail.
40 days until the election. crunch time. @mittromney must stay on offense and take the fight to obama.
only 36 days until the election. @mittromney needs to stay on offense. make obama's terrible record the issue.
with 49 days until the election, @mittromney needs to stay on offense. he should not be apologizing. deflect onto obama's record.
in the upcoming new year we will focus like never before - if we do that we will have complete and total victory in all we do!
we are one nation. when one hurts, we all hurt. we must all work together-to lift each other up.
why do we keep broadcasting when we are going to attack syria. why can't we just be quiet and, if we attack at all, catch them by surprise?
we are one nation. when one state hurts, we all hurt. we must all work together - to lift each other up.
hillary said with respect to isis, "we are finally where we need to be." do we want 4 more years of incompetent leadership? maga!
no games! house @gop must defund obamacare! if they don’t, then they own it!
china will never go to war with us because if they won they would only take over property they already own!
... also, if they’re at home who the hell knows what they’re doing (a second job maybe).
“@realhollishicks so fucking sick of the middle east i agree with trump if we're spending $ over there might as well take their oil"
because of me, the republican party has taken in millions of new voters, a record. if they are not careful, they will all leave. sad!
thank you - michigan!
the water damage to nyc is amazing. the winds were bad but the water was worse.
many people are equating brexit, and what is going on in great britain, with what is happening in the . people want their country back!
getting ready to leave for michigan - will be an amazing evening! see you there.
the most stringent gun laws in the . happen to be in chicago - and look what is happening there!
hillary's wars in the middle east have unleashed destruction, terrorism and isis across the world.
" @frankylamouche : how many of donald's rolling thunder brigade will sign up and go to war for him in the middle east."
our national security starts at the border. do you think isis & al-qaeda are just in the middle east?
is it a coincidence that the middle east has blown up since obama became president?
"the only way to do great work is to love what you do." – steve jobs
four brave americans died in benghazi. administration is still covering up the truth. we deserve to know the full truth.
we need a president who isn't a laughing stock to the entire world. we need a truly great leader, a genius at strategy and winning. respect!
how could obama leave those american heroes out to die in benghazi? and he continues to lie to the public!
"if trump became president he would do an amazing job; if obama took over celebrity apprentice, he'd fail." what's your opinion? i agree!
cruz said kasich should leave because he couldn't get to 1237. now he can't get to 1237. drop out lyin' ted.
i have millions more votes/hundreds more dels than cruz or kasich, and yet am not being treated properly by the republican party or the rnc.
senator ted cruz has been mathematically eliminated from race. he said kasich should get out for same reason. i think both should get out!
thank you marco, i agree!
" @trumpdemocrats : carson on @cnn now. he is worse than jeb; like ambien for insomnia. we need energy in the white house. we need donaldtrump
fast and furious gun running goes all the way to the white house. we need answers now!
we need a dealmaker in the white house, who knows how to think innovatively and make smart deals.  .
...yet not one meeting with an ally (or an enemy!) where's the media?
" @are_jay_sea : we need donaldtrump in the white house in 2016. someone w/o political agenda & who just wants to make our country great again
if you're interested in 'balancing' work and pleasure, stop trying to balance them. instead make your work more pleasurable.
“life is difficult no matter what, but hard work and perseverance make it a lot easier.” – think like a billionaire
" @yang_karl : all scott pelley did by being disrespectful was make it easier to make up my mind who to vote for and that will be trump."
occupy wall street is at it again- go out and get a job. it's actually easier work and far more rewarding.
make sure to enjoy your time with your family during the holiday. it is a special time. love and appreciate your family.
the podium in the oval office looks odd! not good, but the words will be the key.
. @alexsalmond of scotland may be the dumbest leader of the free world. i can’t imagine that anyone wants him in office.
today is the first day of the rest of your life - make the most of it!
obama is community organizing from the oval office on ferguson today. more riots sure to follow.
work begins on the old post office in washington . in 3 months. it will soon become one of the great hotels of the world.
who are your favorites on team power? team plan b?
the yankees are absolutely terrible--- what happened to this team?
congratulations to our great women's olympic soccer team @ussoccer on their gold medal. they made us all proud!
the losing team is now back in boardroom. i can't discuss the team members or what's going on or what happens from here on out.
what team would you choose to win?
i am deeply disturbed by what i have read in the case of @trayvonmartin . i support a full investigation and justice.
today is the 53rd anniversary of the march on washington - today we honor the enduring fight for justice, equality and opportunity.
great to be back in arizona!
see you soon arizona!
thank you arizona- i love you!
i love you arizona! thank you!
join me at 2:00pmest today - live from trump tower - via facebook & periscope!
the leader and negotiators representing mexico are far smarter and more cunning than the leader and negotiators representing the .!
bernie sanders, who has lost most of his leverage, has totally sold out to crooked hillary clinton. he will endorse her today - fans angry!
i hope all workers demand that their @teamsters reps endorse donald j. trump. nobody knows jobs like i do! don’t let them sell you out!
it's late in july and it is really cold outside in new york. where the hell is global warming??? we need some fast! it's now climate change
" @oldmanconroy : it's called "climate change". no, they changed it to "climate change" when "global warming" wasn't working anymore-too cold!
think of it---20% of our country is essentially unemployed.
once the tragic mistake of going into iraq was made, we should have at least taken the oil (or at least some of it). now iran & china get it
if you live in a state with early voting, you should be voting as soon as possible. bring your friends and family with you.
what is the standard for which you want to be known? identify that standard and follow it.
we are asking law enforcement to check for dishonest early voting in florida- on behalf of little marco rubio. no way to run a country!
obama: “i will control ebola.” = obama: “if you like your health care plan, you can keep your healthcare plan.”
we, as a country, either have borders or we don't. if we don't have borders, we don't have a country!
“we build too many walls and not enough bridges.” - isaac newton
we are going to have a great time in cleveland. will lead to special results for our country. we will make america great again!
re-build the es not places that hate our country and everything we stand for!
in the upcoming new year we will focus like never before - if we do that we will have complete and total victory in all we do!
" @absabella p speaks the truth and will not back down!! that's why he will be our next president!!  "
is that all there is? we need a new president - fast!
" @prowland11 : we need someone like you who can step in and start making some good decisions that will bring america back to prominence."
just got back from georgia. the crowds and love for . was so amazing! we all had a great day together - will be back soon!
the more you know, the more you realize how much you don't know. how can you possibly discover anything if you already know everything?
" @kata2bijak : i know a lot, but one thing i know is that i don't know everything. ~ donald trump"
" @fenitaayu1 : i know a lot, but one thing i know is that i don't know everything. ~ donald trump"
re negotiation: know what you want & think about what the other side wants. know where they’re coming from & do not underestimate them.
“get to know  can’t improve upon something you don’t  more you ask, the better you'll know.” vince lombardi
@lance__montana i understand that completely.
make america great again!
trump will make america great!!!!
make america great again! make america safe again!
we have to make america great again!
thank you! we will make america great again!
on this memorial day holiday, we honor our fallen soldiers who have made the greatest sacrifice for freedom. they are our country’s finest.
remember our brave men & women who have fallen protecting our country this memorial day!
thank you to all of the men and women who have served our country. you are our true heroes!
remembering the fallen heroes on  - june 6, 1944.
entrepreneurs: we win in our daily lives by being careful with every day, every moment.
mike & mike in one minute!
look forward to governor mike pence . introduction tomorrow in new york city.
on mike and mike, @espn in two minutes!
"when your life flashes before your eyes, make sure you've got plenty to watch." --anonymous
go to @greta show - will be talking about opo and plenty else - enjoy!
our visa system is broken, like so much else in our country. we better get it fixed really fast. make america great again!
sad to watch bernie sanders abandon his revolution. we welcome all voters who want to fix our rigged system and bring back our jobs.
"the system is rigged!"
thank you washington! honored to say, on behalf of our great movement, we have broken the all time record for votes in gop primary history.
our country is on the precipice. washington is broken. where is the leadership?
well, obama refused to say (he just can't say it), that we are at war with radical islamic terrorists.
... also, if they’re at home who the hell knows what they’re doing (a second job maybe).
in order to get elected, @barackobama will start a war with iran.
as i predicted long ago, the war in iraq was a disaster for the . heading for civil war, there are bombings all over the  happy
it is truly amateur hour at the white house - and this is why we should not be doing the "war thing" right now!
we can create jobs in the american economy by protecting our own manufacturing sector.
what a tremendous speech by @mittromney yesterday on the economy in ohio.
wisconsin's economy is doing poorly and like everywhere else in ., jobs are leaving. i will make our economy strong again - bring in jobs
@swanrose2013 i create jobs!
“money may not grow on trees, but it does grow from talent, hard work, and brains.” – think like a billionaire
our visa system is broken, like so much else in our country. we better get it fixed really fast. make america great again!
sad to watch bernie sanders abandon his revolution. we welcome all voters who want to fix our rigged system and bring back our jobs.
broken promises. a broken billion dollar website. obamacare can’t be fixed. repeal!
we have many problems in our house (country!), and we need to fix them before we let visitors come over and stay. make america great again!
“you cannot push anyone up the ladder unless he is willing to climb.” - andrew carnegie
if obama was willing to lie about obamacare then what else has he lied to us about…
to aspiring entrepreneurs, always remember that if your enemies aren’t talking about you, then you aren’t doing well...and must work harder!
i can't believe that president obama isn't able or willing to make just one phone call to the family of kate e on pres-make call!
remember, oftentimes the best deal you make is the deal you don't make!
me, by a lot!
" @deanpreston76 : time for you to tell @barackobama 'you're fired!'.  we need someone who loves america in office!"
" @woodrowwinters you have 3 very capable kids that can run the company for you this country needs you badly." thx
entrepreneurs: learn to be succinct. can you tell someone your idea in three minutes or less? be clear and concise.
dopeysugar @lord_sugar —why did you close down your site over the weekend? did someone tell you to do it?
mitt's proposed tax cuts for the middle class will spur record economic growth.
the middle-class has become the new poor in this country and our incompetent politicians are unable to do anything about  don't care!
make america great again!
"destiny has a part to play in your life and in your business - so give it a chance to work." - think like a champion
“destiny has a part to play in your life and in your business--so give it a chance to work.” – think like a champion
“destiny has a part to play in your life and in your business – so give it a chance to work.” – think like a champion
everybody tells me not to hit back at the lowlifes that go after me for pr--sorry, but i must. it's my nature.
for all who have been asking, my mother was a great beauty and a wonderful person. here we are with my father-
so, so, so important - make america great again!
so, what did you think of my decision? what would you have done?
what did you think of my decision?
did you agree with my decision?
so, how did i do on face the nation?
let’s all take a moment to remember all of the heroes from a very tragic day that we cannot let happen again!
" @tom38ts i wanted trump to be the president in 2012 the country needs trump to be the next president in 2016"
" @pattyds50 : @foxnews we want donald !! yah next president!   " we will all make america great again!
"sometimes the best thing you can do is just let things ride, let time go by." donald j. trump
" @sintianiej :donaldtrump @intheelections @southheastt oh yes the next president of the united states .my president donald trump . in 2016 ."
my heart goes out to the people of boston on this terrible day!
tonight's episode of the apprentice is one you won't want to miss! be sure to tune in--10 . on nbc.
be sure to watch the celebrity apprentice on sunday at 9 pm on nbc. it's an episode you'll want to see---and one you won't forget!
"you miss 100% of the shots you don't take." -- wayne gretzky
“you miss 100% of the shots you don't take.” - wayne gretzky
" @apprenticenbc : by the way — you will not want to miss  next week on  . that's all we're gonna say."
obama’s va secretary just said we shouldn't measure wait times. hillary says va problems are not ‘widespread.’ i will take care of our vets!
the va scandal will only get worse over the time. our vets deserve the best care possible. we must be open to private solutions.
when will anyone be held accountable for the va scandal? the politicians are experts in never facing any consequence.
" @kathyshirer : your country needs you~~donald trump~~ your about the only one in the world; that can get us out of debt!" thank you!
we will only be the land of the free as long as we are home of the brave!
 @midlandmainline @dmregister who else is as qualified as the donald, it needs a man who makes thing happen there's only one  trump
" @housecracka : donald trump is going to win the presidency. get on board the  its going to be  " thanks.
"there are many ways of going forward, but only one way of standing still." -- pres. franklin d. roosevelt
" @ginhay : trump's polls are going to skyrocket after appearance on @jimmyfallon tonight. the young people are going to love him!"
tomorrow’s election will have historic repercussions for our country. make america strong again. vote for @mittromney .
obama has exempted businesses, his staff and all of congress from obamacare. why is he still forcing the monstrosity on the .?
if obamacare should not be repealed then why has obama & congress exempted their staffs?
why did we spend billions of our money on libya if we are not going to get any of the country's oil? what do we get out of this?
in making big money, knowledge is far more important than any other ingredient, including money itself!
lance armstrong just got sued by the federal government-they want their money back-i told you so! what was he thinking when he did that int?
. @matthewlumby charity should get the money!
we should cut off all aid to every country that does not respect our border. why are we giving them money in the first place?
president obama has a personal responsibility to visit & embrace all people in the us who contract ebola!
today barack obama is standing in water in nj. remember on election day that he has put the us underwater.
brian williams, who is not the nice guy that people think he is, has now become totally irrelevant. he will never again hold court!
obama now wants to deny due process to the police. he’ll give all constitutional rights to the terrorists but not our cops.
barack obama is not who you think he is. most overrated politician in us history.
don't ever think you've done it all already or that you've done your best. that's a shortcut to undermining your own potential.
tweet me your questions to answer.
getting ready to answer your questions.
entrepreneurs: don’t ever think you’ve done it all already or that you’ve done your best. you haven't-- so don't limit yourself!
entrepreneurs: don't ever think you've done it all already or that you've done your best. don't sell yourself short!
"if i'd started in business thinking i knew everything, i'd have been sunk before i got started." - think like a champion
" @roadrunnerkd : mr. trump you are the most qualified candidate. this nation needs your leadership, experience and wisdom.  "
" @malski1954 : i changed parties to vote for you, no one else measures up to you, the gope needs a reality check. our country is at stake"
thank you florida, ohio, and pennsylvania!  is not qualified.
it’s monday. how many people got fired from @huffingtonpost today?
i'll be on @foxandfriends on monday at 7:30 am.
i'll be on @foxandfriends on monday at 7:30 am...
i'll be on @foxandfriends on monday at 7:30 am
i'll be on @foxandfriends on monday at 7:30 am--tune in!
thank you, new hampshire!
thank you new hampshire!
such great support in new hampshire. so many people are working so hard to  !
new hampshire is a critical state for both candidates this year. i got to know new hampshire and love it.
i am in new hampshire. just received great news from reuters poll. thank you for your support!
“what you dream about is what you will do. if you cannot even dream of doing big things, you will never do anything big in life.”- think big
"what you dream about is what you do. if you cannot even dream of doing big things, you will never do anything big."--think big
if you can’t see it, you can’t make it happen. entrepreneurs, chase your dreams with resolute focus & determination. be positive!
“if it’s worth doing, it’s worth fighting for. you’ll have lots of people and obstacles in your way. work & fight to get beyond them."
let this be the day you go for your dream. focus, don't give up, and only accept total and complete victory. you can do it!
today is the 53rd anniversary of the march on washington - today we honor the enduring fight for justice, equality and opportunity.
we have got to take our country back. it's time!
just got back from iowa, great people!
remember, the terrible 5 for 1 trade whereby the taliban got back leaders (killers) and we got back a nothing, will come back to haunt .!
" @kata2bijak : you have to have big ideas, but you've got to have energy to get them done. ~ donald trump"
just got back from iowa - had a great time with amazing people. will be back soon!
this is a movement!
the deficits under @barackobama are the highest in america's history. why is he bankrupting our country?
thank you! together we will  !
are you expanding your business? interview returning soldiers. give them strong consideration. their sacrifices deserve it.
thank you @donaldjtrumpjr . proud of you!
thank you new york! i love you!
thank you- new york! i love you!
“get in. get it done. get it done right. get out.” – fred c. trump (my father!)
“get in. get it done. get it done right. get out.” – my father, fred c. trump
my father's 4 step formula for success: "get in, get it done, get it done right, and get out." -- fred c. trump
 @rajeevsamtani : get in, get it done, get it done right & get out  trump actually, told to me by my father, fred trump.
obama: “i will control ebola.” = obama: “if you like your health care plan, you can keep your healthcare plan.”
" @alyssathgreat : “senjohnmccain is always talking, talking but nothing gets done. these  are living in hell.”  ""
. @billmaher was so nervous talking about me on the @jayleno show—i’ve never seen him like that!
is this the new york that ted cruz is talking about & demeaning?
will be on @megynkelly tonight at 9:00. will be talking about everything!
will be on @morning_joe live from new hampshire - 7:00 . talking about the debate and more!
" @lukebrinker : one year from today.  "
thank you ohio - see you tonight!
thank you arizona! see you soon!
thank you iowa! great night---see you soon!
" @scott23youmans : if you run, i will vote for you. if you don't, shame on you. be cool!
thank you georgia! see you soon!
"never let the fear of striking out get in your way." -- babe ruth
“don’t let the fear of striking out hold you back.” – babe ruth
what did you think of my decision?
do you think i made the right decision?
don't forget to watch the tonight show with the wonderful @jimmyfallon at 11:30 . you will not be disappointed! @nbc
we need to worry about the american worker first!
i will stand with police and protect all americans!
problem with @gop is not their message, it’s that they are incapable of controlling the message.
our native american senator, goofy elizabeth warren, couldn’t care less about the american worker…does nothing to help!
entrepreneurs: you have to have passion. if you love your work, success will follow.
isn't it a shame that the person who will have by far the most delegates and many millions more votes than anyone else, me, still must fight
@lord_sugar much more than anybody knows dopey, much more - and it will soon be revealed in detail.
wow, my campaign is hearing from more and more bernie supporters that they will never support crooked hillary. she sold them out, . pick!
.  was great as a political analyst on @foxnews . he knows far more than football. thanks for the nice words joe!
in business, you make decisions that are in your best interests. time for the us gov't to do the same. let’s make america great again!
i am on david letterman tonight.
. @rushlimbaugh is right—the republicans lost because they weren’t conservative enough—or tough enough.
i would absolutely kill jon stewart(?) in a debate - it would be no contest - he's not fast enough or smart enough (only obnoxious enough!).
republicans have all the cards...but they just don't know it!
we have to make america great again!
... the republicans just didn’t resonate with the people—but they will have better days.
the least number of hurricanes in the . in decades. so they change global warming (too cold) to climate change-now what will they call it
i believe that president obama is so overwhelmed by what is happening in the . and throughout the world that he has totally given up!
" @oldmanconroy : it's called "climate change". no, they changed it to "climate change" when "global warming" wasn't working anymore-too cold!
we are one nation. when one hurts, we all hurt. we must all work together-to lift each other up.
we are one nation. when one state hurts, we all hurt. we must all work together - to lift each other up.
thank you america! together, we will all  !
thank you! together we will  !
don't worry, the united states will be great again!
remember, china is not a friend of the united states!
" @ricd384 : the united states of america needs a real man in the oval office. mr. donald trump, america is ready for you. lets do it'"
our next vice president of the united states of america, gov. @mike_pence !
the united states must immediately institute strong travel restrictions or ebola will be all over the united states-a plague like no other!
this sunday's all-star @apprenticenbc features some of the biggest fireworks of the entire season. get ready.
this will be one of the biggest and most beautiful miss universe events ever.
the success of shark tank over the years is a total joke compared to the success of the apprentice, one of the biggest hits in . history.
tomorrow is the 10 year anniversary of the apprentice, one of the biggest hits in television history. how time flies!
i know you don't like to hear this @dannyzuker but the biggest nights of the apprentice were far "bigger" than the biggest nights of mod fam
hillary said with respect to isis, "we are finally where we need to be." do we want 4 more years of incompetent leadership? maga!
. @vanityfair looks like a dying magazine! really really boring, really really thin!
watch the game-really good.
@melissail really good, thanks m.
. @arsenioofficial thx for the good wishes--you are going to have a really big year!
this george zimmerman is really a mess - he really has to just disappear! (he attacked his wife last night).
@mayorgas good! and good luck!
there's only only one person who has defunded medicare. his name is @barackobama .
i am the only one who can beat hillary clinton. i am not a mitt romney, who doesn't know how to win. hillary wants no part of "trump"
" @teed_chris : donaldtrump,name one candidate who can make deals with china ! if we dont bring jobs back! were dead  "
if i run, i will be in all the primary debates and you will see why i am the only one who can make america great again!
remember to keep going--if you stop, your momentum will stop.
. @evaemery thanks--you sound great!
@statereform @macys you sound great!
@coco471031 you really sound like a loser no-name!
@stephanievald20 thanks & say hello to them--you sound great!
@hailey_hustlerr thanks hailey- you sound great!
“one thing i’ve learned about the press is they’re always hungry for a good story, the more sensational the better.” - art of the deal
... also, if they’re at home who the hell knows what they’re doing (a second job maybe).
i always enjoy speaking to young aspiring entrepreneurs. they are hungry, motivated and eager to learn. proves america can still be great.
" @wizhether : donaldtrump keep it up! they're attacking you because they're afraid. you're winning! we who love our country have your back!"
i love the mexican people, but mexico is not our friend. they're killing us at the border and they're killing us on jobs and trade. fight!
the iran nuclear deal is a terrible one for the united states and the world. it does nothing but make iran rich and will lead to catastrophe
i endorsed @mittromney not because i agree with him on every issue but because he will get tough with china.
the great boxing promoter, don king, just endorsed me. nice!
@chef_riggy i never endorsed judd - i'm with senator mitch all the way!
" @veteran4trump : vets for a strong america endorses donald trump for president; "we've endorsed him, we believe in him"
obama just endorsed crooked hillary. he wants four more years of obama—but nobody else does!
heading for ohio - really big crowd of amazing people! much to talk about!
why are we fighting for the "rebels" that hate us-only to save face for obama!
thank you to everyone who came out & joined us @trumpturnberry yesterday! @erictrump @ivankatrump @donaldjtrumpjr
tweet me your questions for the next  ....
it is only the people that were never asked to be vp that tell the press that they will not take the position.
....... i disagree, but it's still cool.
@givens1964 very cool, thanks.
@valentino_jimmy that's cool, i agree!
to be really successful it is always good to have a cool head, warm heart and beautiful common touch!
. @vanityfair looks like a dying magazine! really really boring, really really thin!
i am pleased to announce that i have chosen governor mike pence as my vice presidential running mate. news conference tomorrow at 11:00 .
" @therealtommydel trump for president! tom brady as running mate?"
mike & mike in one minute!
will be doing fox & friends at 7 . (1 hour). enjoy!
steve jobs is spinning in his grave - apple has lost both vision and momentum - must move fast to get magic back!
new iowa poll. thank you!
on my way to cedar falls, iowa, now. will be great--i love the people of iowa!
great new poll iowa - thank you!
some people dream of great accomplishments while others stay awake and do them!
sanders said only black lives matter - wow! hillary did not answer question!
gary as the cat in the hat? he can work it out.
@ianbqueen in answer to your question, my favorite thing to do is spending time with my family.
love the people of south carolina - look very much forward to the debate tonight.
i will be live tweeting during the debate tonight.
in light the benghazi emails released last night, it is apparent that obama has no problem lying to the american public...
" @malachinorris : donald j. trump is the very definition of the american success story. through trump we can bring back the american dream."
" @realollietaylor : isn't it time we had a president? let goofy glen keep canada cruz who can't win. the american people have trump!"
never ever quit, never give up  j. trump, the art of the deal.
joan rivers had great talent, but also truly amazing stamina and drive - she would never give up or quit. that is why she became a champion!
resolve never to quit, never to give up, no matter what the situation. -- jack nicklaus
. @franksfight keep fighting, frank! never give up!
"@caseybierer america needs to hear the truth. keep it up, mr. trump. you can help us make america great again. never give up."
entrepreneurs: don't put blinders on or limit yourself. reach out, seek and explore. the opportunities are always there.
re: success-- don't put blinders on and do not limit yourself; reach out, seek and explore. think big at all times.
if you’ve looked over the years,i’ve been right on virtually every issue from iraq (not going in but if so taking the oil) to jobs to china
china has been unfairly subsidizing the export of cars & auto parts. i've been saying this for 3 years...
crooked hillary has been fighting isis, or whatever she has been doing, for years. now she has new ideas. it is time for change.
"i've read many books about china over the decades. i know the chinese and made a lot of money with them." the art of the deal
i can't believe no one has been fired over the obamacare website fiasco!
" @oldmanconroy : it's called "climate change". no, they changed it to "climate change" when "global warming" wasn't working anymore-too cold!
we only want to admit those who love our people and support our values.
nobamacare won't work, never will work and can't work - it is a total waste of time and energy except that it is hurting people (& economy!)
remember, go vote--we need real change this time.
i will stand with police and protect all americans!
“i have a very strict gun control policy: if there's a gun around, i want to be in control of it.” - clint eastwood
fact – the tighter the gun laws, the more violence. the criminals will always have guns.
movie producer harvey weinstein, who lost his company to colony capital, is against guns but makes movies w/ major gun violence--really!
"obama's plan to have russia stand up to iran was a horrible failure that turned america into a laughingstock."
my prayers and condolences to the victims and families of the terrible tragedy in nice, france. we are with you in every way!
thoughts and prayers to the great people of indiana. you will prevail!
i would absolutely kill jon stewart(?) in a debate - it would be no contest - he's not fast enough or smart enough (only obnoxious enough!).
the only people who are not interested in being the . pick are the people who have not been asked!
my prayers are with the victims and hostages in the horrible paris attacks. may god be with you all.
obama now wants to deny due process to the police. he’ll give all constitutional rights to the terrorists but not our cops.
happy birthday to my friend, the great @jacknicklaus - a totally special guy!
congratulations to my friend david wright of the @mets who is now their all-time hitting leader.
happy birthday to my legendary friend aretha franklin.
" @apprenticenbc : sending warm wishes to our dear friend @hollyrpeete on her birthday today! happy birthday, holly!
@anthonynotweet make sure you are doing what you love to do. you need passion to keep you going.
obama:“i will destroy isis” = obama: “if you like your healthcare plan, you can keep your plan.”
together, we will make america safe and great again!
thank you for your support! we will make america safe and great again!
make america great again! make america safe again!
“learning is a new beginning we can give ourselves every day.” – trump: how to get rich
entrepreneurs: let your actions show that you're the best. see each day as an opportunity to show you can do business at the highest level.
ask: is there anyone else who can do this better than i can?that’s just another way of saying know yourself & know your competition.
people ask me what i do in my free time. the answer--i don't have any.
other networks are begging me to do a show--i can't because i'm doing the apprentice!
“keep your focus global and you may very well find yourself ahead of the game.” – trump never give up
make sure to enjoy your time with your family during the holiday. it is a special time. love and appreciate your family.
“most of the time you will need to work hard and stay focused to get to the top – and then work even harder to stay there.” -think big
do not underestimate yourself, and know you are able to handle what comes your way by increasing your leverage.
if you live in a state with early voting, you should be voting as soon as possible. bring your friends and family with you.
crooked hillary is being badly criticized (for a wall street paid for ad) by politifact for a false ad on me on women. she is a total fraud!
hillary clinton is being badly criticized for her poor performance in answering questions. let us all see what happens!
" @yankeeworshiper thank you to donald trump for standing up for what you believe e the  lies for hillary and barack."
isn’t it amazing that @macys paid a massive fine for profiling african americans--& then criticized me for discussing illegal immigration!
ben carson is being severely criticized for being incapable of understanding foreign policy be one of his top consultants. not good!
for too many years, our inner cities have been left behind. i am going to deliver jobs, safety and protection for those in need.
it’s friday. how many people have been forced off their plans and lost their doctors today because of obamacare?
" @johnnydevine137 i'm all for donald trump owning the bills. give trump a chance and watch the donald, trump the competition." @nflcommish
becoming a us citizen is not a right, it’s a privilege.
six hours left to  connecticut!
it's 10 am: two hours to go for obama to easily pick up millions for charity!
entrepreneurs: set the example, and you'll be a magnet for the right people. that's the best way to work with people you like.
the one positive from the plunge in household wealth is that we are in a buyer's market. this is the time to buy!
“you have to be positive every single day. positive stamina is a necessary ingredient for success.” – think like a champion
i'm doing @theviewtv today at 11 am--always interesting!
i will miss @letterman & doing his show. he was always intriguing & smart. you never knew what would happen -- but he was fair!
ask yourself: "what can i learn today that i didn't know before?" always be a student, always be open to new ideas.
republicans are always saying obama is such a nice guy. when will they learn that he is not?
@dritadavanzo thank you. he's doing a great job.
best ratings for the dateline show were for six months, not two months!
congress must pass a budget and hold obama to it. no more continuing resolutions and no more excuses. republicans soon hold both houses.
it's monday, how many more excuses will obama make today about the economy?
the american people agree. no free pass for  !
china is threatening washington over the currency bill. we should pass it immediately.
thanks to everyone who has waited in the long lines at the  book signings. it is great to meet fellow patriots.
we have got to take our country back. it's time!
we have all the cards. now is the time to make a great deal with iran.
oil is under $50/barrel. now is the time to increase sanctions against iran, not lift them. no deal is better than a bad deal.
our country is looking very bad right now!
with taxes set to go up and obama about to cut the mortgage deduction, now is the time to buy a house if you can. can get a great deal.
i am surprised husband is staying with paula broadwell--how long can it last?
trust your instincts. they are there for a reason. without instincts, you'll have a hard time getting to--and staying at--the top.
"@bethandersonesq:my 1st time staying at a trump resort was awesome! thanks for such impeccable service!   "
" @borland_jim after staying at the trump international hotel and tower in nyc everything else seems subpar." thank you.
" @littlefire : from ayrshire to nyc. i was singing in ny on saturday. staying at the university club and saw your trump tower, awesome!"
tomorrow is the 10 year anniversary of the apprentice, one of the biggest hits in television history. how time flies!
. @theeconomist poll, one of the most highly respected, was just released. wow, wait until the media digests these numbers - won't be happy!
"the biggest doers often suffer the biggest setbacks in life...
" @currentlyfeed : the  poll closed with  declared the official winner.
" @samjabbo trump you inspire me to be successful everyday." great--good luck!
. @gma at 7:00 .
becoming a us citizen is not a right, it’s a privilege.
"sooner or later, those who win are those who think they can." --paul tournier
we have a sacred duty to care for our vets and their families. veterans deserve universal access to care anywhere and anytime!
@politifact ’s  is obama’s if you like your health care plan, you can keep it. wrong. it’s the lie of the decade.
is the boston killer eligible for obama care to bring him back to health?
china is not our friend. they are not our ally. they want to overtake us, and if we don’t get smart and tough soon, they will.
while bernie has totally given up on his fight for the people, we welcome all voters who want a better future for our workers.
" @bane1349 : they all want jobs and a bright future. they know donald trump is the one and only choice to make that a reality!
"they succeed, because they think they can." -- virgil
" @pg_rant : they can't handle you donald so want you out the race, well good luck,because we know you won't walk away! give it to them"
no-one has done more for people with disabilities than me. i have spent many millions of dollars to help out-and am happy to have done so!
wind turbines are a scourge to communities and wildlife. they are environmental disasters.
we need much tougher, much smarter leadership - and we need it now!
"@keemstarx: mexican criminals coming into usa? yes did trump say we need to stop them? yes did he say mexicans are good? yes racism? no"
" @belllabooo13 : @foxandfriends as always great job mr trump!! truth we all need to hear it! you gave us hope!! we need it now!!"
“do not pray for easy lives. pray to be stronger men.” – pres. john f. kennedy
it’s amazing how people can talk about me but i’m not allowed to talk about them.
for success: find out what you love to do. trust yourself enough to find out what is best for you and what you're best at doing...
" @timwbyrd : donaldtrump i have so much faith in you that if you ran for president i know your the only one who could get america out of debt
" @shawncrazyshawn : i have loved you since wrestlemania when i was kid. i grew up & see what you're all about. i am behind you all the way!"
the electoral college is a disaster for a democracy.
@joeyhatcher you'll have to watch to find out.
@mcleangolf thank you jim!
who are your favorites on team power? team plan b?
" @colin : mr. trump, please buy our precious  with jim kelly. you two know what the team means to  . love it!" @nflcommish
make sure to enjoy your time with your family during the holiday. it is a special time. love and appreciate your family.
it's jan. 2. president obama should end his vacation early & get back to washington to straighten out the obamacare catastrophe--or end it.
...that it was hard not to end up rooting for trump..."
we have got to take our country back. it's time!
is president obama going to finally mention the words radical islamic terrorism? if he doesn't he should immediately resign in disgrace!
when will president obama issue the words radical islamic terrorism? he can't say it, and unless he will, the problem will not be solved!
this story is not about mr. khan, who is all over the place doing interviews, but rather radical islamic terrorism and the . get smart!
our country is facing a major threat from radical islamic terrorism. we better get very smart, and very tough, fast, before it is too late!
big night on twitter tonight. i will be live tweeting president obama's speech at 7:50 . ( eastern). must talk radical islamic terrorism!
" @sensanders : i have a message for donald trump: no, we’re not going to hate latinos, we’re not going to hate muslims." i fully agree!
"i am going to save social security without any cuts. i know where to get the money from. nobody else does." - my @srqrepublicans speech
"if you're going through hell, keep going." -- winston churchill
"if you're going through hell, keep going." --winston churchill
" @jenniferjjacobs : trump: "protect the 2nd amendment...and by the way we’re going to be saying merry christmas again." iowa crowd loves it."
under the leadership of obama & clinton, americans have experienced more attacks at home than victories abroad. time to change the playbook!
keep lightweight marco and his friends out of the white house.
make sure to vote today. vote for real change. change that will deliver jobs and a free & strong america. vote for @mittromney .
" @hosiern : @foxnewspolitics a vote for @tedcruz or @marcorubio is a vote for corruption, special interests and lobbyists. trump for potus!
the state of florida is so embarrassed by the antics of crooked hillary clinton and debbie wasserman schultz that they will vote for change!
it's time for mountain state to have a senator who will stop obama’s war on coal. this november send dc a message, vote for @capitoforwv !
thank you! vote in 2016!
heading to . to see and hear rolling thunder. amazing people that love our country. great spirit!
i like mexico and love the spirit of mexican people, but we must protect our borders from people, from all over, pouring into the .
“remember that some things are worth waiting for. plans can change, sometimes for good reason.” – trump never give up
problem with @gop is not their message, it’s that they are incapable of controlling the message.
@jenke2501 i understand your message.
what message does it send when @barackobama 's campaign has to spin whether america is better off than it was 4 years ago?
. @rnc leadership should not be afraid of a government shutdown. they should be afraid of not defunding obamacare.
here's my message to @barackobama : america is a capitalistic country. get over it and get on with it!
get ready for tonight!
" @yankeeworshiper thank you to donald trump for standing up for what you believe e the  lies for hillary and barack."
get ready for @oreillyfactor tonight at 8- always interesting!
proud to see my friend governor chris christie standing up for israel on his visit. standing tall!
getting ready to watch the debate--- as they say "let's get ready to rumble"!
" @mark_brown_pe : a great man once said "don't tell me how hard a job is going to be, tell me how hard it was, when you are finished!"
" @shawnslawns4u : @terrykimk93 @wsj this coming election is the most important presidential election in my lifetime vote for trump"
the republican establishment, out of self preservation, is concerned w/ my high poll  more concerned are dems—i beat hillary heads up!
" @johnnydollar01 : and people zinged donald trump for talking about ebola. how is this klain guy any more qualified?"actually, less qualified
@farivas i understand what you are saying!
" @paulkellysr mr trump thanks for saying what millions are thinking. we need to turn america around if we want to save her."
"sooner or later, those who win are those who think they can." --paul tournier
" @oldmanconroy : it's called "climate change". no, they changed it to "climate change" when "global warming" wasn't working anymore-too cold!
"the ones who are crazy enough to think that they can change the world, are the ones who do." -- steve jobs
republicans better start listening to and respecting the tea party!
the least number of hurricanes in the . in decades. so they change global warming (too cold) to climate change-now what will they call it
. @karlrove still thinks romney won! he doesn't have a clue! @foxnews
if it were up to goofy elizabeth warren, we’d have no jobs in america—she doesn’t have a clue.
mitt romney is a mixed up man who doesn't have a clue. no wonder he lost!
i find it really hard to listen to @barackobama 's speeches. he doesn't have a clue.
. @richlowry is truly one of the dumbest of the talking heads - he doesn't have a clue!
veterans, please call 855- vets- 352 or email address veterans@ to share your stories about the need to reform the va.
lyin' crooked hillary's email stories all have one thing in common.
the invention of email has proven to be a very bad thing for crooked hillary in that it has proven her to be both incompetent and a liar!
" @tom38ts i wanted trump to be the president in 2012 the country needs trump to be the next president in 2016"
when will obama next go on vacation if he wins the election? the day after.
thank you! together we will  !
@phil_grech your not free, you'll never be free. you'll be back (if you ever left) because you can't help yourself!
a great day in wisconsin! thank you  &  ! just arrived in  !
have any questions? send them in.  /a
just arrived in new hampshire. thank you to all of my supporters!
watch me on @hannityshow tonight at 9pm et on @foxnews .
the stage is set for the real debate--it will be very interesting!
i will be live tweeting during the @apprenticenbc tonight at 9pm et.
don't forget to watch celebrity apprentice tonight at 9pm...you will love it!
i’ll be on “justice” with @judgejeanine saturday night at 9pm et on @foxnews
“labor disgraces no man; unfortunately, you occasionally find men who disgrace labor.” - gen. ulysses s. grant
: stopping obamacare is now up to the american people. we must elect @mittromney this november.
it is a shame keystone wasn't powered by solar panels and wind because then @barackobama would have wasted billions on it.
...while her charity is getting less than 5 cents per donated dollar. she should be ashamed!
. @cher should spend more time focusing on her family and dying career!
do you believe that hillary clinton now wants obamacare for illegal immigrants? she should spend more time taking care of our great vets!
just like i have been able to spend far less money than others on the campaign and finish  so too should our country. we can be great!
...that it was hard not to end up rooting for trump..."
. @graeme_mcdowell great playing this weekend. you are a true winner. we look forward to having you back to trump national doral.
looking forward to live tweeting during the rest of the debates. will be a lot of fun.
@pennystocksblog you are 100% correct - thank you!
"@taurus82409: @cbs @60minutes look forward to it, donald. you are doing great! please keep up the fight, many of us are behind you 100%!!
we, as a country, either have borders or we don't. if we don't have borders, we don't have a country!
we have got to take our country back. it's time!
if america unlocked its energy potential, we would once again be the most powerful country in the world. washington is holding us back.
another four years--not good for the country but we'll have to live with it!
i hope the @rnc is ready for a third party if they blow this election because that is what they will face. they must fight hard.
" @barmes_andnoble : if donald trump runs for president i will be beyond happy...if he wins i will be beyond, beyond happy" so nice, thanks!
thank you for your support!
@originalkillaki it's very good, you can learn a lot.
@yea4country @politico thanks--it needs a lot of work.
hillary clinton surged the trade deficit with china 40% as secretary of state, costing americans millions of jobs.
i give secretary of state john kerry credit for working and trying hard, but he has zero negotiating ability!
me, by a lot!
i would absolutely consider investing in atlantic city again, great and hard working people, but much would have to change-taxes, regs., etc
"@pepper4366 thought your show would never return. what is start date.  " start shooting next week!
glad to hear my @foxandfriends ’ monday interview continues to get big ratings. great way to start your week
" @belllabooo13 : @aplemonlemon @foxandfriends glad your having a great start to your week! keep it going! run for president! we need you!"
" @sfc17972 : hearing you is a great way to start the week! country needs true  to see your name on the ballot!!" @foxandfriends
" @babyfuzz1969 : declare your candidacy! right time, right age, right mind w/common sense, right leadership    "
"the pessimist sees the difficulty in every opportunity and the optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty." - pres. lincoln
we have a sacred duty to care for our vets and their families. veterans deserve universal access to care anywhere and anytime!
"to have a government we can afford we need to eliminate the tremendous waste clogging the system"
we have to make america great again!
i wonder what the next scandal will be in .? can we handle yet another?
maybe obama should donate my $5m to the families of the 17 who have lost loved ones during the storm?
ask: is there anyone else who can do this better than i can?that’s just another way of saying know yourself & know your competition.
i can’t wait to donate @billmaher ’s $5 million to charity. just waiting on @billmaher to send me the money.
he @ricksantorum wants to decide what books people can read, what movies they can see.  it doesn't work that way!
a big day for new york and for our country! make america great again!
entrepreneurs: do your best to your utmost ability every day. make that your standard.
tuesday will be a big day for our country to do a complete turnaround. make america great again!
let this be the day you go for your dream. focus, don't give up, and only accept total and complete victory. you can do it!
a @senatormcdaniel win is a victory for our country. chris is a constitutional conservative who'll make a difference in washington.
"@repmartindaniel: we support you  . you will go far in life. smart and courageous!
it’s about time for all americans (republicans & democrats) to force our elected officials to start acting fiscally responsible!
thoughts and prayers to the great people of indiana. you will prevail!
thoughts and prayers to the families of the four great marines killed today.
. @franklin_graham @billynungesser @samaritanspurse - so humbled by my time w/ you. you are in our thoughts & prayers.
thoughts & prayers with everyone in lafayette, louisiana this evening.
happy birthday to my wonderful daughter, @ivankatrump .
...that it was hard not to end up rooting for trump..."
" @alexdavischevy : next pres. election is the first ill be old enough to vote in. would vote for you in a heartbeat!   "
who is rooting for obama more tonight--his campaign advisors or the press?
congrats to @timtebow on making @patriots ’ first cut. stay strong and positive! we are all rooting for you.
bernie sanders was right when he said that crooked hillary clinton was not qualified to be president because she suffers from bad judgement!
the pope should not have resigned—he should have lived it out. it hurts him, it hurts the church...
...whether you are a republican or democrat we should hope that pres. @barackobama does a great job for the country.
" @theusalifestyle : @gop   (it will happen) gop must support donald trump    "
if i were president sgt. andrew tahmooressi would be let out of jail with one phone call. if not,mexico would pay a price like never before!
. @barackobama claims to have policies for working people...
@barackobama 's jobs plan sure looks like a tax increase plan to me.
wishing you and yours a very happy and bountiful thanksgiving!
@ptlyons thank you. wishing you and yours a happy new year too.
wishing everyone a wonderful independence day weekend. we have a lot to be thankful for.
my best wishes to everyone for a happy thanksgiving!
@thesween_bean thank you and happy thanksgiving.
jeb bush spent more than $40,000,000 in new hampshire to come in 4 or 5, i spent $3,000,000 to come in 1st. big difference in capability!
we just passed 1.9m followers & gained over 250,000 followers in the last k you--let's have fun and do business.
wow, i’m at 2,200,000 followers but i’d love to get rid of the haters & losers—they’re such a waste of time!
wow, honored to just pass 2.5m followers on @twitter . thanks to all my followers. we are going to have a great year together.
just out: trump gop debate - 18,000,000. clinton democrat debate - 6,700,000. and they were on major network vs. cable!
now that the ineffective baltimore police have allowed the city to be destroyed, are the . taxpayers expected to rebuild it (again)?
funny, if you listen to @foxnews , the democrats did not have a good day. if you listen to the other two, they are fawning. what a difference
success requires 100% effort and 100% focus. nothing less.
good news is that my campaign has perhaps more cash than any campaign in the history of politics- b/c i stand 100% behind everything we do.
entrepreneurs: realize that success requires 100% effort and 100% focus. nothing less.
i've realized that success requires 100% effort and 100% focus. nothing less.
i find the photos of these children killed in newtown in the new york post heartbreaking.
on 9/11, we pray for the victims and their families of the attack and give thanks to all who have sacrificed for justice & our freedom.
usmc sgt. tahmooressi sacrificed for our country. while obama is welcoming illegals, our marine is locked in a mexican jail.
" @maxmacgruder : the man who would've kept us right years ago, the man who will put us right in the future. the only real choice.  "
military lives matter! end gun free zones! our soldiers must be able to protect themselves! this has to stop!
obama still will keep all military recruitment centers & bases gun free zones! it has to stop. military lives matter!
total misnomer to call obamacare ‘the affordable care act.’ affordable for whom besides big businesses & congress w/their exemptions?
how is bernie sanders going to defend our country if he can't even defend his own microphone? very sad!
" @gopjenna : "i don't care about the game, i care about the people." and that's exactly why we the people love you so much!  "
the unaffordable care act, sometimes referred to as obamacare, is not working. millions of people are losing their plans and doctors-fraud!
" @sensanders : i have a message for donald trump: no, we’re not going to hate latinos, we’re not going to hate muslims." i fully agree!
thank you marco, i agree!
the young intern who accidentally did a retweet apologizes.
did you agree with my decision?
. @traceadkins says @joan_rivers is a gem. i agree. we all agree.
"@carolyngoltman it's my birthday and what a wonderful gift if i could get a retweet from such an inspirational man :-)" happy birthday
“what you dream about is what you will do. if you cannot even dream of doing big things, you will never do anything big in life.”- think big
"what you dream about is what you do. if you cannot even dream of doing big things, you will never do anything big."--think big
in the upcoming new year we will focus like never before - if we do that we will have complete and total victory in all we do!
i have a dream that our country will be great again!
"the measure of who we are is what we do with what we have." --vince lombardi
" @malachinorris : donald j. trump is the very definition of the american success story. through trump we can bring back the american dream."
govt. collapsing in iraq only 2 weeks after withdrawal of our troops. sadly, i called this one and please remember, i alone called it.
when i was 18, people called me donald trump. when he was 18, @barackobama was barry soweto. weird.
the thousands of people that showed up for me in phoenix were amazing americans. @senjohnmccain called them "crazies"--must apologize!
dope frank bruni said i called many people, including karl rove, losers-true! i never called my friend @howardstern a loser- he’s a winner!
remember that bill clinton was brought in to help hillary against obama in 2008. he was terrible, failed badly, and was called a racist!
@barackobama 's jobs plan sure looks like a tax increase plan to me.
" @johnnydevine137 i'm all for donald trump owning the bills. give trump a chance and watch the donald, trump the competition." @nflcommish
" @taynishagray : so yeah the first vote i will ever cast for president will be donald trump bc who can really argue with donald trump?"
"i try to learn from the past, but i plan for the future by focusing exclusively on the present. that's where the fun is." ~donald trump"
" @electric988 : a smart, powerful, and successful man like donald trump would be the ideal president. we need you mr. trump!  "
will be interviewed by @stephenathome tonight by phone- a late show first @cbs @colbertlateshow . enjoy!
i will be on the @colbertlateshow tonight at 11:30
congratulations to @stephenathome - i will see you on the show!
@destiny_113 @stephenathome i agree.
i will be doing @colbertlateshow at 11:30 on cbs. enjoy!
head of air force's anti-sexual assault unit arrested for sexual assault! it just seems that our country is not what it used to be.
sexual assault and rape in the armed forces is a massive problem that nobody wants to talk about or do anything about-the big dark secret!
will be on  @10pe @foxnews - discussing various subjects including immigration-if elected, we will  & enforce our laws!
less than 1% of obama’s $4b immigration request will go towards immediate border security. a real scam. enforce our laws now!
. @ewanshearer happy birthday
@scottlara1961 have a happy birthday.
thanks everybody for the happy birthday greetings, but it’s actually the 10th birthday of the apprentice. my birthday is june 14th....
@clemensisland13 have a great time-happy birthday!
happy birthday to my wonderful daughter, @ivankatrump .
thank you - michigan!
do you think i will get credit for keeping ford in . who cares, my supporters know the truth. think what can be done as president!
i would like to offer vice president biden my warmest condolences on the loss of his wonderful son, beau. met him once, great guy!
"socialists think profits are a vice; i consider losses the real vice." - winston churchill
a really bad night for president obama. now the republicans have to get together and get the job done!
our not very bright vice president, joe biden, just stated that i wanted to "carpet bomb" the enemy. sorry joe, that was ted cruz!
after today, crooked hillary can officially be called lyin' crooked hillary.
@rebamoreland thank you & the same to you and yours.
@lawrence there is no such thing--- they can't get much lower than yours.
shining over fifth avenue, @trumptowerny (a ny icon) offers a full service restaurant, bar, cafe, ice cream parlor and gucci.
check out ivanka's new facebook page and keep up with what's happening--from the celebrity apprentice, to jewlery to free tickets and more..
i love twitter.... it's like owning your own newspaper--- without the losses.
go to trump doral in miami and watch the world golf championship! on now!
just leaving miami for houston, oklahoma and colorado. miami crowd was fantastic!
the miami heat looked great tonight - congratulations from all of your friends at your favorite place in miami, trump national doral.
" @skulls2001 : we are a cuban family from miami florida and would love very much to work on your political campaing here in miami." great.
no matter what bill clinton says and no matter how well he says it, the phony media will exclaim it to be incredible. highly overrated!
they're going to riot in ferguson no matter what.
price gouging at many gas stations, $10 a gallon--welcome to the new world.
" @greggscharin : we need you to push the issues that this country is facing, no one else will lay it on the line like you will!  "
"work hard, play hard and live to the hilt." - think like a billionaire
policy towards our enemies: hit them hard, hit them fast, hit them often & then tell them it was because they are the enemy!
@bubbaslmky but hard work!
when you’re in a fight with a bully, always throw the first punch—and don’t telegraph it—hit hard & hit fast!
today @barackobama will borrow 40 cents on every dollar he spends from china. just another day at the office.
now with the danger-weiner campaign dead, time to focus on crazy eliot spitzer. a man who has never earned 10 cents in his life.
“always remember: dress for the job you want, not the job you have.” – think like a billionaire
now that iran ripped us off by making one of the best deals of any kind in history, they have just moved to block any imports from the .
sometimes your best investments are the ones you don't make!
sometimes your best investments are the ones you don't make.
“your money should be at work at all times. even in the worst economy, there is no excuse." - think like a billionaire
for the record, i have zero investments in russia.
without passion you don't have energy, without energy you have nothing. find work that you love and the energy will be there.
thank you- new york! i love you!
thank you new york! i love you!
thank you new york, and pennsylvania!
thank you new york, i will never forget!
yesterday the christmas tree arrived at rockefeller plaza. an iconic event for new york!
entrepreneurs: there are no guarantees, but being ready sure beats being taken by surprise. know everything you can about what you're doing.
" @kata2bijak : i know a lot, but one thing i know is that i don't know everything. ~ donald trump"
" @fenitaayu1 : i know a lot, but one thing i know is that i don't know everything. ~ donald trump"
pay attention to details. if you don't know every aspect of what you're doing, you're setting yourself up for some big surprises.
just shows that you can have all the cards and lose if you don’t know what you’re doing.
president obama has just reached an all-time low approval rating! is anybody surprised? the happiest person is former president jimmy carter
time for the first firing of the night.
check @billmaher ’s background & you will find he is not a smart guy—he just wants people to think he is--just call him dummy.
by the way, folks, @billmaher is not a smart guy (just look at his past)—he just pretends he is!
obama thinks he can just laugh off the fact that he refuses to release his records to the american public. he can't.
obama talks about what he is going to do--why the hell didn't he just do it, especially in the first 2 years when he had all votes necessary
"@jak00seven: if you like how @hillaryclinton handled  , then you'll just her as commander-in-chief  "
dopey graydon carter, who is presiding over dying @vanityfair magazine, is also presiding over dying waverly inn—worst food in city.
if jon stewart is so above it all & legit, why did he change his name from jonathan leibowitz? he should be proud of his heritage!
ted cruz should be disqualified from his fraudulent win in iowa. weak rnc and republican leadership probably won't let this happen! sad.
i hope the mexican judge is more honest than the mexican businessmen who used the court system to avoid paying me the money they owe me.
lightweight @agschneiderman ’s phony lawsuit against trump u was decimated by the court—he’s a loser!
our country does not feel 'great already' to the millions of wonderful people living in poverty, violence and despair.
a record high 6.7% of americans are living in extreme poverty. this is tragic. we can do better.
@forq2 are you making less than minimum wage, don't worry, the government will protect you. afraid to give your real name? you should be.
thank you @oreillyfactor for your wonderful editorial as to why i should have been @time magazine's person of the year. you should run time!
many people ask me to review things. as i see them, i will do so.
why won't obama release his college applications? is there something 'foreign' about them?
“after every setback, start thinking big as soon as possible.” - think big
if you live in a state with early voting, you should be voting as soon as possible. bring your friends and family with you.
when will @barackobama release an actual budget?
south carolina voters have the future of our country in their hands. vote now (today), and make america great again!
please tell me what is going on with the republicans?
" @greggscharin : we need you to push the issues that this country is facing, no one else will lay it on the line like you will!  "
9 million fewer people voted for obama this election than last & yet the republicans lost—do you think they might be doing something wrong!
can you believe the republicans are studying the democrats on how to win an election?
" @dcfoodsafety : mr. trump you're the candidate that we have been waiting for you tell it real and you will get it done you have my vote!"
.... to help mcconnell, who spoke right after him.” @breitbartnews
" @thtswhtkelsaid : i'm fed up w/ dc playing 3 card monty w/ our tax $'s. it's time we the people play the trump card, & take back our country
the hillary clinton staged event yesterday was pathetic. be careful hillary as you play the war on women or women being degraded card.
i never want someone working for me who doesn’t want to be there--and in the same way, you shouldn’t want to be there, either.
during primetime of the iowa caucus, cruz put out a release that @realbencarson was quitting the race, and to caucus (or vote) for cruz.
" @seaopdet1 : stand up and help us trump!!! please!!! someone with some clout needs to do something to get the madman out of office!"
i don't want to be the only billionaire in america---i want all americans to be rich.
"i believe this book will rock a lot of people. don't just read  but share it with your friends and family!" -rushlimbaugh
@jeffschmidt35 and doing better for charity than ever before--thanks!
we are going to win and make america great again, maybe better than ever before!
wow, macy's numbers just in is doing better than ever - thanks for your great support!
looks like @omarosa is up to the challenge.
obama now just wants to save face, russia is now telling him "don't do it". he waited too long and the other side is much better prepared.
"a general is just as good or just as bad as the troops under his command make him." --douglas macarthur
"a general is just as good or just as bad as the troops under his command make him.” - gen. douglas macarthur
"a general is just as good or just as bad as the troops under his command make him." --general douglas macarthur
as usual, the "storm of the century" was not nearly as bad as forecast. what a waste of time, energy and money!
we will only be the land of the free as long as we are home of the brave!
just arrived in new hampshire. thank you to all of my supporters!
negotiation tip: know exactly what you want and focus on that. trust your instincts, even after you've honed your skills.
entrepreneurs: follow your instincts and keep your focus intact. you alone know where you really want to go.
" @jtphi212 : just heard you on  . we can count on you to tell it like it is. from a veteran, thank you for your honesty!!"
entrepreneurs: put everything you've got into what you're doing. know exactly what you want and go for it. nothing should be haphazard.
great poll- thank you nevada!
unlike the other republican candidates, i will be in nevada all day and night - i won't be fleeing, in and out. i love & invest in nevada!
leaving nevada now for iowa. things are looking good - great new polls!
"sometimes the best thing you can do is just let things ride, let time go by." donald j. trump
i will be on @seanhannity tonight- from las vegas, nevada at 10pme. enjoy!
“we would accomplish many more things if we did not think of them as impossible.” - vince lombardi
hillary clinton surged the trade deficit with china 40% as secretary of state, costing americans millions of jobs.
isis gained tremendous strength during hillary clinton's term as secretary of state. when will the dishonest media report the facts!
so wrong! @barackobama is hosting china's vp xi jinping today at the pentagon with a full honor ceremony with music and cannons...
it would be nice if our commander-in-chief was as concerned for our veterans health as he is for illegal immigrants becoming citizens.
more poll results from last nights commander-in-chief forum.
final poll results from nbc on last nights commander-in-chief forum. thank you!
heading to iowa to a packed house. just released polls, all first place, are amazing. thank you!
heading to youngstown, ohio now- some great polls.
heading over to@kelly and michael re. apprentice!
heading to colorado for a big rally. massive crowd, great people! will be there soon - the polls are looking good.
heading to rally with bobby now! see you soon!
" @drake4444444 the only way to fix health care crisis is for you to run for pres & bring common sense back to govt" thx.
entrepreneurs: put everything you've got into what you're doing. know exactly what you want and go for it. nothing should be haphazard.
the today show should call me about who to put on the show— i know more about people who get ratings than anyone.
" @gopjenna : "i don't care about the game, i care about the people." and that's exactly why we the people love you so much!  "
mr. president, it is time to lead on the korean crisis. make a statement from the rose garden and send a strong message to the man child!
thank you for your support!
thank you for all of your support! let's  !
& together we will  ! thank you for your support!
thank you for your support! together we can  !
thank you for your continued support!
total misnomer to call obamacare ‘the affordable care act.’ affordable for whom besides big businesses & congress w/their exemptions?
we have a sacred duty to care for our vets and their families. veterans deserve universal access to care anywhere and anytime!
thanks everyone, they all said i won the debate. even won the @cnbc poll!
why is @randpaul allowed to take advantage of the people of kentucky by running for senator and pres. why should kentucky be back up plan?
who do you think won?
thank you south carolina! everyone get out and vote tomorrow! we will  !
" @tdarbymitchell : i love you donald trump! i've never liked politics before u came on the scene but i finally feel like there's hope for usa
illegal use of official attorney general stationary by lightweight @agschneiderman .
how can an attorney general ask for campaign contributions during his evaluation of a case - a total sleazebag!
i just filed a major ethics complaint against crooked new york state attorney general eric schneiderman-he should resign from office!
john cahill is highly respected in all circles—really nice to see that he’s running for new york state attorney general. @cahillforag
....instead of giving to a wonderful charitable cause.
train wreck just the beginning. our roads, airports, tunnels, bridges, electric grid - all falling  can fix for 20% of pols, & better
" @pctech181 : for american prosperity, now and for our children's children, there is only one choice. donald trump for president 2016-24."
i will make this right for our great vets!
the va scandal will only get worse over the time. our vets deserve the best care possible. we must be open to private solutions.
obama’s va secretary just said we shouldn't measure wait times. hillary says va problems are not ‘widespread.’ i will take care of our vets!
wisconsin's economy is doing poorly and like everywhere else in ., jobs are leaving. i will make our economy strong again - bring in jobs
why can't the pundits be honest? hopefully we are all looking for a strong and great country again. i will make it strong and great! jobs!
obamacare must be fully repealed or it will destroy america's small businesses.
congratulations to obama on building a strong economy. there are 49,500,000 people on food stamps. a historic record!
wages in are country are too low, good jobs are too few, and people have lost faith in our  need smart and strong leadership now!
we need strong, tough and brilliant leadership now more than ever! make america great again!
we need much tougher, much smarter leadership - and we need it now!
wages in are country are too low, good jobs are too few, and people have lost faith in our  need smart and strong leadership now!
we need a president who isn't a laughing stock to the entire world. we need a truly great leader, a genius at strategy and winning. respect!
is that all there is? we need a new president - fast!
why is president obama allowed to use air force one on the campaign trail with crooked hillary? she is flying with him tomorrow. who pays?
happy birthday - to the united states air force!!
. @jimmykimmel is terrific but for obama to fly on air force one ($’s) to do the show in these bad times is ridiculous.
“strong men have sound ideas and the force to make these ideas effective.” -- andrew mellon
taxpayers are paying a fortune for the use of air force one on the campaign trail by president obama and crooked hillary. a total disgrace!
make sure you get out and vote...most important election of our generation...go romney!
go out and vote--- this will be the most important election of our time!
make sure you take some time to enjoy the weekend. important for your mind and will help you be productive next week.
"if you want to conquer fear, don't sit home and think about it. go out and get busy." - dale carnegie
" @shawnslawns4u : @terrykimk93 @wsj this coming election is the most important presidential election in my lifetime vote for trump"
we have all the cards. now is the time to make a great deal with iran.
watch celebrity apprentice, on now!
watch face the nation - will be on now!
watch @ac360 on now! @cnn
the iran nuclear deal is a terrible one for the united states and the world. it does nothing but make iran rich and will lead to catastrophe
during primetime of the iowa caucus, cruz put out a release that @realbencarson was quitting the race, and to caucus (or vote) for cruz.
thank you america! together- we will  !
thank you america! together, we will all  !
. @ac360 anderson, so amazing. your mother is, and always has been, an incredible woman!
" @jimlibertarian @grantrobertb @michaelcohen212 you're damn right we want the truth,we've been lied to 4 years and we've had it.  "
thank you! together we will  !
we are one nation. when one hurts, we all hurt. we must all work together-to lift each other up.
we are one nation. when one state hurts, we all hurt. we must all work together - to lift each other up.
. @piersmorgan and @omarosa really hate each other.
i laugh when i see marco rubio and jeb bush pretending to "love" each other, with each talking of their great friendship. typical phony pols
" @jules1327 : the women rule tonight on  - let's hope they don't kill each other before next week! @ivankatrump
"he who demands little gets it." - ellen glasgow
"just be tough, be strong, be willing to learn – and you will learn. don’t be afraid of mistakes or setbacks." think like a champion
be passionate--you have to love what you're doing to be successful at it.
entrepreneurs: be passionate--you have to love what you're doing to be successful at it.
entrepreneurs: be passionate. you have to love what you're doing to be successful at it.
" @kata2bijak : you have to have big ideas, but you've got to have energy to get them done. ~ donald trump"
thank you for all of your support! most importantly - we need to get everyone out to vote!
thank you for all of your support! let's  !
thank you for your support!
this was a great evening- i would like to thank everyone for their wonderful support.
" @tarashuman : donaldtrump thank you so much for your amazing hope message!!! i'm so grateful.
thank you new hampshire!
thank you, new hampshire!
the worst thing hillary could do is have her husband campaign for her. just watch.
is this the new york that ted cruz is talking about & demeaning?
interesting that @macys criticized me but just paid $650,000 in fines for racial profiling. are they racists?
why doesn’t somebody study the horrible charges brought against @macys for racial profiling? terrible hypocrites!
. @macy ’s is a big contributor to @ppfa . anybody against planned parenthood should boycott racial profiling macy’s.
i had a great day campaigning in connecticut. looking for a big vote on tuesday!
leaving now for new hampshire. big crowd- looking forward to it!
well, obama refused to say (he just can't say it), that we are at war with radical islamic terrorists.
" @rydercup2014 : all we can say is wow! what would you say? @trumpscotland   "
. @montgomeriefdn your commentary this weekend was fantastic. people love what you say and how you say it.
no way, judges say mayweather won. investigation should take place. fix?
haters and losers say i wear a wig (i don't), say i went bankrupt (i didn't), say i'm worth $3.9 billion (much more). they know the truth!
" @woodsy_gal : been a long time since i've cared abt politics since the gop been a disaster. that's changed bc of you. love u!  "
. @foxandfriends in five minutes!
the final five—this has been a fight—and i think the fight will continue…
this is a movement!
just remember, the birther movement was started by hillary clinton in 2008. she was all in!
the final five—this has been a fight—and i think the fight will continue…
--work has begun, ahead of schedule, to build the greatest golf course in history: trump international – scotland.
the middle-class has become the new poor in this country and our incompetent politicians are unable to do anything about  don't care!
the tea party is filled with great americans. despite being mistreated by everyone, including @gop , they will continue to fight on
the middle-class has worked so hard, are not getting the kind of jobs that they have long dreamed of - and no effective raise in years. bad
"there’s nothing “compassionate” about allowing welfare dependency to be passed from generation to generation." - time to get tough
" @jeff713jeffrey @foxnewsinsider i don't care what anyone says i'll take trump anyday at least he tells the truth and tells it like it is!"
if you're passionate about your work, you will never give up.
just shows that you can have all the cards and lose if you don’t know what you’re doing.
" @michaelurso2 : mr trump did you deny megyn kelly. what is her issue! i used to like her. can't stand her now. very little talent! @foxnews
with taxes set to go up and obama about to cut the mortgage deduction, now is the time to buy a house if you can. can get a great deal.
if you're going to be thinking, you may as well think big.
we must stop common core from controlling state & local curriculums. it is a federal grab of education. keep education local!
common core is a federal takeover of school curriculum. department of education should be disbanded not expanded. focus on local education.
we need much tougher, much smarter leadership - and we need it now!
very different styles but each totally effective in his own way at the debate.
great poll- thank you nevada!
it’s amazing how people can talk about me but i’m not allowed to talk about them.
entrepreneurs: stay focused and be tenacious. pay attention to people who know what they're talking about. stay fixed on your goals!
unlike the other republican candidates, i will be in nevada all day and night - i won't be fleeing, in and out. i love & invest in nevada!
if you're passionate about your work, you will never give up.
thank you south carolina!
thank you, south carolina!
thank you for the support, south carolina!
thank you for all of your support, south carolina!
south carolina and the audience were great - thanks!
want jobs? slash corporate tax rate. tax incentives for companies that create jobs in us. america will boom.
either miss pennsylvania will pay, her father will pay or her lawyers will pay. she hurt many people!
"the democrats' solution is the same solution they have for everything--tax, tax, tax. just one problem: it doesn't work"
the u-6 real unemployment rate is even scarier than the national unemployment rate. @barackobama is overseeing a depression.
when will our country stop wasting money on global warming and so many other truly "stupid" things and begin to focus on lower taxes?
thank you, new hampshire!
thank you new hampshire!
new hampshire is a critical state for both candidates this year. i got to know new hampshire and love it.
leaving for new hampshire now. will be doing the @todayshow there, live at 7:00 . new @cbsnews poll of new hampshire: trump 38 carson 12!
new hampshire vote today - make america great again!
crooked hillary called it totally wrong on brexit - she went with obama - and now she is saying we need her to lead. she would be a disaster
thank you @donaldjtrumpjr . proud of you!
poll - thank you!
thank you- new york! i love you!
thank you new york! i love you!
i love you arizona! thank you!
heading to rally with bobby now! see you soon!
" @ousoonermaniac : we are looking forward to meeting you at your rally in burlington, iowa tomorrow!  " see you there!
@phil_grech your not free, you'll never be free. you'll be back (if you ever left) because you can't help yourself!
"go as far as you can see; when you get there, you'll be able to see farther." -- . morgan
“go as far as you can see; when you get there, you'll be able to see farther.” -- j. p. morgan
who are your favorites on team power? team plan b?
thank you @donaldjtrumpjr . proud of you!
like other presidents have.
@sandramdocer happy new year sandra.
the fight against isis starts at our border. ‘at least’ 10 isis have been caught crossing the mexico border. build a wall!
general john allen, who i never met but spoke against me last night, failed badly in his fight against isis. his record = bad
the final five—this has been a fight—and i think the fight will continue…
thank you, north carolina!
thank you north carolina!
wow, just won missouri!
north carolina lost 300,000 manufacturing jobs and ohio lost 400,000 since 2000. going to mexico etc. no more if i win, we will bring back!
going to north carolina to make keynote speech - sold out crowd!
" @popularposters : our country needs a president that knows how to protect our constitution and a president that leads speaks the truth"
" @seabeevietn : go donald...nowhere in the constitution does it say that our president must be a lawyer/politician. our founders weren't."
our country and our "leaders" are getting dumber all the time. now they are about to release full documentation on torture. will destroy cia
we are trying to fight isis, and now our own people are killing our police. our country is divided and out of control. the world is watching
" @rhettriley1234 : trump only wins with our votes. we must grow trump nation and do our part. vote. this is our time.
"the democrats' solution is the same solution they have for everything--tax, tax, tax. just one problem: it doesn't work"
@barackobama 's jobs plan sure looks like a tax increase plan to me.
could be a fight over red-heads with @lisalampanelli —this could be good.
raising the capital gains tax in this fragile economic time is the dumbest thing washington could do. so they will probably do it.
hillary's bad tax habit!
" @jamcolley : we need to put aside partisan politics and realise the greatest thing we can do is work together to get  elected president.
obamacare must be fully repealed or it will destroy america's small businesses.
"everyone makes mistakes, but it's what you do with them and what you learn from them that matters." -- midas touch
@axlrose1996 stephen, that's right...and someone who is really smart!
crooked hillary -- makes history!
"the democrats' solution is the same solution they have for everything--tax, tax, tax. just one problem: it doesn't work"
mitt's proposed tax cuts for the middle class will spur record economic growth.
hillary will never reform wall street. she is owned by wall street!
"we need a tax system that is fair and smart--one that encourages growth, savings, and investment."
. @davidaxelrod i'm sending you a check to help find a cure. @ivankatrump says hi.
amazingly @anthonyweiner is going to run. the cure rate for his problem is 0. lots of other things will come out.
pervert anthony wiener will never be able to get away from his perversion-the cure rate is zero.
hillary clinton is not qualified to be president because her judgement has been proven to be so bad! would be four more years of stupidity!
@annamplf the art of the deal and think like a champion would be helpful.
for success: find out what you love to do. trust yourself enough to find out what is best for you and what you're best at doing...
i said that crooked hillary clinton is "not qualified" to be president because she has "very bad judgement" - bernie said the same thing!
@joeyhatcher you'll have to watch to find out.
with all the talk of fiscal responsibility at the @dnc convention yesterday, it was ironic that the debt passed $16t.
"you have to love what you do or you are never going to be successful no matter what you do in life.” - think big
"you have to love what you do or you are never going to be successful no matter what you do in life." - think big
if you live in a state with early voting, you should be voting as soon as possible. bring your friends and family with you.
voting for @govgaryjohnson is voting for obama--don't waste your vote!
re: immigration. do the republicans not realize that dems will get 100% of 11 million votes no matter what they do?
obama keeps saying that he will do something--- but why hasn't he done it? it's all talk.
i have nothing to do with the plaza casino in atlantic city. i have not been involved with atlantic city for many years. used to love .!
@murekar thanks, and we will keep you posted.
the worst thing hillary could do is have her husband campaign for her. just watch.
whitney houston was a great friend and an amazing talent. we will all miss her and send our prayers to her family.
if @megynkelly stopped covering me on her show, her ratings would drop like a rock! my h to h interview with @ac360 beat her by millions!
" @michaelurso2 : mr trump did you deny megyn kelly. what is her issue! i used to like her. can't stand her now. very little talent! @foxnews
. @maddow standing in front of wind turbines is sad. rachel, windmills are terrible for the environment—
@belloved21 very nice, thanks rachel.
i was on the view this morning. we talked about the apprentice. tonight's episode is a great one--tough, exciting and surprising. 10 pm/nbc
" @gopjenna : "i don't care about the game, i care about the people." and that's exactly why we the people love you so much!  "
"don't take vacations. what's the point? if you're not enjoying your work, you're in the wrong job." -- think like a billionaire
...what is wrong with this story? isn’t this just ridiculous? terrible!
don't tread water. get out there and go for it. there's nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface.
president obama - close down the flights from ebola infected areas right now, before it is too late! what the hell is wrong with you?
"if you're going to think--think big" --- the art of the deal
word is that they have far more evidence on a-rod than they have on ryan braun! alex is over.
why does @barackobama always have to rely on teleprompters?
" @prowland11 : we need someone like you who can step in and start making some good decisions that will bring america back to prominence."
we should leave afghanistan immediately. no more wasted lives. if we have to go back in, we go in hard & quick. rebuild the us first.
will go back on for a final question now!
will be back soon virginia. we are going to make america great again!
sec of state kerry said we would not go back to iraq. we shouldn’t, but he should not have said that. so stupid!
" @trump_world : "the man with a plan! go trump! we got your back!  " donaldtrump   "
“if we ever forget that we are one nation under god, then we will be a nation gone under.”- ronald reagan (feb. 6, 1911–june 5, 2004)
all those politicians in washington and not one good negotiator.
is this boring or is it just me?
we are one nation. when one hurts, we all hurt. we must all work together-to lift each other up.
re omarosa: nasty, tough or smart...or all?
i will be doing fox & friends at 7 (15 minutes). enjoy it and your day!
captain khan, killed 12 years ago, was a hero, but this is about radical islamic terror and the weakness of our "leaders" to eradicate it!
why would the people of florida vote for marco rubio when he defrauded them by agreeing to represent them as their senator and then quit!
best of luck to my good friend derek jeter on his first game today back at shortstop. @yankees captain is a warrior & winner.
remember, go vote--we need real change this time.
obama's foreign policy is a complete and total disaster--the worst president we have ever had.
"@kencee11: we need you to run for potus. we need a real american, one with the same values that built this country.. go trump 2016 !"
his @barackobama 's specialties? vacations and campaigning. jobs not so much!
obamacare will destroy small business--the backbone of america's economy.
my thoughts and prayers are with the victims and families of those affected by two powerful earthquakes in italy and myanmar.
my heart goes out to the people of boston on this terrible day!
my heart & prayers go out to all of the victims of the terrible  tragedy. this madness must be stopped, and i will stop it.
i wonder what the rest of the world is thinking about the united states as they watch the disgusting and out of control baltimore riots?
terrible attacks in ny, nj and mn this weekend. thinking of victims, their families and all americans! we need to be strong!
the basketball coach at rutgers looks bad but i had a coach who made him look like a baby - coaches can be tough!
thank you to tom brady, coach ditka, coach bobby knight and all of the many champions that have been so supportive!
why is senator john mccain in syria visiting with the rebels- make america great again!
just watched senator john barrasso on @foxnews - he was great! thank you john.
do you believe this - iran wants to trade our 3 prisoners (not 4) for 19 prisoners held by the . should have been let go with last deal!
thank you to the greatest heroes
captured or not, all our soldiers are heroes!
well, obama refused to say (he just can't say it), that we are at war with radical islamic terrorists.
it is truly amateur hour at the white house - and this is why we should not be doing the "war thing" right now!
" @joenbc : trump expressed concerns months after the iraq war began, while 60% of americans still supported the war.  "
in order to get elected, @barackobama will start a war with iran.
can you believe that the afghan war is our “longest war” ever—bring our troops home, rebuild the ., make america great again.
. @chucktodd is a nice guy , but just hopeless. he knows so little about politics and, in particular, winning! i fixed his rating problem.
..... he knows i don’t respect him.
i'll be on @foxandfriends this morning at 7:00. so much to talk about!
i don't want to be the only billionaire in america---i want all americans to be rich.
" @jimlibertarian @grantrobertb @michaelcohen212 you're damn right we want the truth,we've been lied to 4 years and we've had it.  "
" @futureicon : @gop trump is correct hear about a young woman who was shot to death in san francisco by a mexican who'd been deported 5 times
i would absolutely kill jon stewart(?) in a debate - it would be no contest - he's not fast enough or smart enough (only obnoxious enough!).
. @rushlimbaugh is right—the republicans lost because they weren’t conservative enough—or tough enough.
@maxvayner your man, little jon s(?) can't win, he's not smart enough or quick enough!
i've had enough of this - good night!
@maxvayner stewart (?) wouldn't have even a little chance in a debate with me. he's totally overrated - not fast enough or smart enough!
alabama people are saying their team has real football & real girlfriends—not good for notre dame—but they’ll be back!
hillary will never reform wall street. she is owned by wall street!
" @carrillo_pete :  america great again. we need a outsider to bring class and discernment back to our nation. we need  "
we need much tougher, much smarter leadership - and we need it now!
is that all there is? we need a new president - fast!
"@kencee11: we need you to run for potus. we need a real american, one with the same values that built this country.. go trump 2016 !"
today is the 53rd anniversary of the march on washington - today we honor the enduring fight for justice, equality and opportunity.
today marks the one year anniversary of @andrewbreitbart ’s passing. andrew’s mission & legacy still lives on. @breitbartnews
thanks everybody for the happy birthday greetings, but it’s actually the 10th birthday of the apprentice. my birthday is june 14th....
president obama should have gone to louisiana days ago, instead of golfing. too little, too late!
straighten out the republican party of virginia before it is too late. stupid! rnc
with president obama it's all talk and no action. our country is in desperate need of smart and decisive leadership before it is too late!
today is my birthday. my wish is for our country to be great and prosperous again.
the worst thing hillary could do is have her husband campaign for her. just watch.
“after every setback, start thinking big as soon as possible.” - think big
re: negotiation: view any conflict as an opportunity. be a diplomat as much as possible.
always good to have @arseniohall back as advisor as well as @donaldjtrumpjr . they have their own fan clubs at this point.
"a general is just as good or just as bad as the troops under his command make him." --douglas macarthur
"good investors are good students. it's as simple as that." - think like a billionaire
with obama and bernanke destroying the value of the dollar, gold and real estate should continue to rise in value.
our foreign policy decisions are dumbest in . history
i wish tonight's debate would cover more than foreign policy.
obama's foreign policy is a complete and total disaster--the worst president we have ever had.
@edwardashton30 true and true!
@ms2202 true and true!
the debate last night proved that hillary is running against the “b” team. she won’t be so lucky when it comes to me!
i am not just running against crooked hillary clinton, i am running against the very dishonest and totally biased media - but i will win!
" @yankeerunnerlv :please please please give strong and serious consideration running in 2016 and saving this country. u have my vote
keep wednesday morning free. you will want to see this!
“to keep momentum, keep challenging yourself.” – think big
@michaeljdgregor you're absolutely right.
"i'm loyal to people who've done good work for me."
thanks @andreatantaros for all of your kind words and thoughts. big progress is being made. keep up the great work!
i know it has been many years since our country made great deals, but isn't it about time we start, right now. make america great again!
@billnojay thank you for your great confidence! our state, like our country, is in serious trouble. keep up the good fight.
" @popularposters : our country needs a president that knows how to protect our constitution and a president that leads speaks the truth"
" @15pinnacle : i have to give donaldtrump credit ... he lets everyone  into his beautiful   ...and it's beautiful!!"
" @brad4634 a beautiful addition to my city's skyline and great dining!! thanks for making chicago more beautiful than ever!!" thank you.
just got a great new selection of ties & shirts @macys . go buy them now for father’s day—they’re beautiful!
@taylorswift13 thanks for the beautiful picture--- you are fantastic!
merry christmas to all - have a fantastic day, year and life! the world, with great leadership, will become a much more beautiful place!
it must have been president obama that called in what will go down as the dumbest play in the history of football. same thought process!
no president in history has lied to the american people more than president obama - in fact, it is not even close!
“i can accept failure, everyone fails at something. but i can't accept not trying.” – michael jordan
" @tarashuman : donaldtrump thank you so much for your amazing hope message!!! i'm so grateful.
carl icahn said this about me: "i think at this moment in time, he’s the only candidate that speaks out about the country’s problems."
thank you for all of your support! most importantly - we need to get everyone out to vote!
thank you to all of the men and women who have served our country. you are our true heroes!
....that has served our country is put on a waiting list and gets no care.
just left oklahoma--- the most amazing crowd and people! what a night!
i'm giving away money! 11am trump tower. be there or be left behind!
the republican establishment, out of self preservation, is concerned w/ my high poll  more concerned are dems—i beat hillary heads up!
i still can’t believe we left iraq without the oil.
the dummies left iraq (and libya) without the oil!
“i have a very strict gun control policy: if there's a gun around, i want to be in control of it.” - clint eastwood
obama lied to the public about the al qaeda attack on our consulate in libya. he should be held accountable.
sorry, there is no star on the stage tonight!
sorry, there is no star on the stage tonight!
there's only only one person who has defunded medicare. his name is @barackobama .
there's only one candidate who cut medicare and that's barack obama. cut over $700m to move into obamacare.
"@dmanhomee: i support donaldtrump 100% for 2016! he is the only candidate that will return this country to the great country it once was!"
how can @jebbush beat hillary clinton- if he can't beat anyone else on the  stage with $150m? i am the only one who can!
it wasn't only that obama saluted a marine with a cup of coffee in his hand, but why the hell does he have to exit a heli holding coffee?
on my way to see the great people of maine. will be landing in portland in 2 hours. look forward to it!
"@joedurak if jeb is the nominee hillary is our next president."
the miami heat looked great tonight - congratulations from all of your friends at your favorite place in miami, trump national doral.
what do you think of @dennisrodman ’s donald trump head? the hair’s not quite right, for one thing.
@dolehnyc quite nice, thanks!
(1/2) time magazine has me on the cover this week. david von drehle has written one of the best stories i have ever had.
read about how this hotel came into being in my book “never give up”—it’s quite a story.  @trumpnewyork
"@pepper4366 thought your show would never return. what is start date.  " start shooting next week!
voters understand that crooked hillary's negative ads are not true- just like her email lies and her other fraudulent activity.
isn't it sad that on a day of national tragedy hillary clinton is answering softball questions about her email lies on @cnn ?
lyin' crooked hillary's email stories all have one thing in common.
per @rushlimbaugh : why does hillary clinton get the benefit of the doubt (after she destroys her illegal email server) ...
the invention of email has proven to be a very bad thing for crooked hillary in that it has proven her to be both incompetent and a liar!
there’s no love lost between @latoyajackson & @omarosa disrespectful? who is being disrespectful?
...and says something is seriously wrong. he will never go down as great!
the military generals are fuming at obama. he has boxed them in against isis with a strategy that is destined to fail. sad!
thank you to all of the men and women who have served our country. you are our true heroes!
" @margie352 : listen to what he says. you will know in your heart it is the truth. we are in a bad way. he is the only one who gets it."
crazy @megynkelly says i don't (won't) go on her show and she still gets good ratings. but almost all of her shows are negative hits on me!
. @deedeesorvino was great today on @foxnews she gets what is going on in politics, and sees it very clearly. have her on more!
hillary clinton is taking the day off again, she needs the rest. sleep well hillary - see you at the debate!
just as i have been saying for many years, and while they phony negotiate with the . over nuclear, iran is taking over iraq. really sad!
as iran began the process of taking over iraq, many people wanted me to say that “i told you so!” – so, i told you so.
@glenda_goff happy birthday glenda!
@subirchowdhury how are you - $5.5 million (a bargain).
price gouging at many gas stations, $10 a gallon--welcome to the new world.
gas prices are still too high. we really need to pressure opec to lower the price of oil.
the truth is that we could have much better healthcare in our country at a much more affordable price - everyone in . would benefit!
only those who will risk going too far can possibly find out how far one can go. -- t. s. eliot
i have nothing to do with the plaza casino in atlantic city. i have not been involved with atlantic city for many years. used to love .!
the last person that hillary or bernie want to run against is donald trump --- and that is fact!
the last person corrupt hillary clinton wants to run against is donald j. trump. i'll end up beating her in every state. new fox poll!
crooked hillary clinton is spending a fortune on ads against me. i am the one person she doesn't want to run against. will be such fun!
the person that hillary clinton least wants to run against is, by far, me. it will be the largest voter turnout ever - she will be swamped!
sanders says he wants to run against me because he doesn't want to run against me. he would be so easy to beat!
voting for @govgaryjohnson is voting for obama--don't waste your vote!
if you live in a state with early voting, you should be voting as soon as possible. bring your friends and family with you.
oregon is voting today. keep the big numbers going - vote trump! make america great again!
"if you love what you do, you are going to work harder, you are going to try harder and you will be better at it." - think big
make sure to verify the voting machine does not switch your vote. if you have any problems, notify the poll workers.
i still don't get how @karlrove spent $400 million & lost all.
between libya, the national security leaks and fast & furious, obama has had more national security scandals than any other president.
hillary clinton is a major national security risk. not presidential material!
" @mjvictory : @stl_blonde dt is a better choice than any candidate on either side based on his vision of prosperity & national security."
if i only had 1 person running against me in the primaries like hillary clinton, i would have gotten 10 million more votes than she did!
forty -six million americans---more than at any time ever in the history of this country--now live under the poverty line.
rush is right. @limbaugh and i have both created more jobs than @barackobama ...in fact, far more jobs!
“do more, be more, give more--and everyone will benefit.” – think like a champion
more than $500 million designated for iraqi army disappeared. where is it? our sad sad country--what have we come to?
iran will convince our incompetent president that they are trying to help us with iraq, take over the country & oil, and "o" will say thanks
with the very dangerous carjacking epidemic going on, especially in new york and new jersey, you would be lucky to have a gun for protection
fact – the tighter the gun laws, the more violence. the criminals will always have guns.
. @montgomeriefdn your commentary this weekend was fantastic. people love what you say and how you say it.
thank you @hardball_chris for your nice words. they are very much appreciated. i fully understand that you really get it.
. @vanityfair looks like a dying magazine! really really boring, really really thin!
doing fox & friends at 7 .
amazing comeback by the heat - your friends at your favorite golf club, trump national doral, are proud of you. now for game 7!
the most stringent gun laws in the . happen to be in chicago - and look what is happening there!
fact – the tighter the gun laws, the more violence. the criminals will always have guns.
our country should be worried about nuclear control far more than gun control--& that one's not even close!
" @gopjenna : "i don't care about the game, i care about the people." and that's exactly why we the people love you so much!  "
we have a sacred duty to care for our vets and their families. veterans deserve universal access to care anywhere and anytime!
" @quinnlisaq : @cnn @donlemon . the people do not care what politician said about trump . we still support him all the way"
thank you for your support!
wow, my campaign is hearing from more and more bernie supporters that they will never support crooked hillary. she sold them out, . pick!
lyin' ted cruz is now trying to convince prople that his problems with the national  caused by me. i had nothing to do with story!
lyin' ted cruz denied that he had anything to do with the . model photo post of melania. that's why we call him lyin' ted!
ted cruz is mathematically out of winning the race. now all he can do is be a spoiler, never a nice thing to do. i will beat hillary!
is this the new york that ted cruz is talking about & demeaning?
amazing that ted cruz can't even get a senator like @bensasse , who is easy, to endorse him. not one senator is endorsing canada ted!
we have to make america great again!
make america great again!
make america great again! make america safe again!
thank you! we will make america great again!
wisconsin, we will make america great again!
hillary will never reform wall street. she is owned by wall street!
"@kencee11: we need you to run for potus. we need a real american, one with the same values that built this country.. go trump 2016 !"
is that all there is? we need a new president - fast!
we need much tougher, much smarter leadership - and we need it now!
remember, go vote--we need real change this time.
" @richrobins0n i love trump because he actually says what’s on his mind, not what the people want to hear. that’s why he’s a leader" thanks
" @stonezipper : @stephenfhayes donald trump if he stops running for president he's not what we the people think he is." will never happen!
what is he reading?
" @margie352 : listen to what he says. you will know in your heart it is the truth. we are in a bad way. he is the only one who gets it."
" @maathewdavis : got my dad a trump tie from macy's for father's day. he loves it. he says it's the best tie he's ever owned!" great.
quote: "if you have health insurance, you're not getting hit with a tax."
...if you plan for the worst—if you can live with the worst—the good will always take care of itself.
“if you plan for the worst – if you can live with the worst – the good will always take care of itself.” – the art of the deal
total misnomer to call obamacare ‘the affordable care act.’ affordable for whom besides big businesses & congress w/their exemptions?
@politifact ’s  is obama’s if you like your health care plan, you can keep it. wrong. it’s the lie of the decade.
poll - thank you!
new  . thank you america!
thank you - so nice.
thank you @greta .
thank you new york! i love you!
president obama has a personal responsibility to visit & embrace all people in the us who contract ebola!
" @garettwadekempe : donald trump for president! he has my vote come elections!"
"the price of greatness is responsibility." -- winston churchill
take responsibility for yourself--it's a very empowering attitude.
entrepreneurs: take responsibility for yourself. it’s a very empowering attitude.
i’ll bet obama now uses the amendment for the debt ceiling.
a @senatormcdaniel win is a victory for our country. chris is a constitutional conservative who'll make a difference in washington.
obama now wants to deny due process to the police. he’ll give all constitutional rights to the terrorists but not our cops.
my best wishes to everyone for a happy thanksgiving!
i would like to express my warmest regards, best wishes and condolences to all of the families and victims of the horrible bombing in nyc.
we're all very happy to hear of bret michael's progress and send our best wishes for his full recovery.
wishing everyone a happy memorial day, and a thank you to all the soldiers who protected our great country.
@smalltwnbignews kate--all my best wishes to you.
lyin' crooked hillary's email stories all have one thing in common.
it wasn't only that obama saluted a marine with a cup of coffee in his hand, but why the hell does he have to exit a heli holding coffee?
“you may have to try a lot of things to get just one thing to work. that’s tenacity, and it’s critical to success.” – trump never give up
we will bring america together as one country again – united as americans in common purpose and common dreams.
i'll be in one of my favorite places this morning, staten island. big crowd, will be fun!
crooked hillary has been fighting isis, or whatever she has been doing, for years. now she has new ideas. it is time for change.
a-rod hit ball hard first at bat. time for him to step up and leave.
. @piersmorgan and @omarosa really hate each other.
i laugh when i see marco rubio and jeb bush pretending to "love" each other, with each talking of their great friendship. typical phony pols
our country has to come together. we have to start working with, and really liking, each other. the whole world is watching baltimore.
we are one nation. when one hurts, we all hurt. we must all work together-to lift each other up.
we are one nation. when one state hurts, we all hurt. we must all work together - to lift each other up.
thank you to everyone for the wonderful reviews of my speech on thursday night. from the heart!
new iowa poll. thank you!
"results are what matter. the bottom line is clearly the bottom line." --think like a champion
great new poll iowa - thank you!
thank you iowa! great night---see you soon!
“if you plan for the worst – if you can live with the worst – the good will always take care of itself.” – the art of the deal
...if you plan for the worst—if you can live with the worst—the good will always take care of itself.
president obama will go down as perhaps the worst president in the history of the united states!
"sometimes the best thing you can do is just let things ride, let time go by." donald j. trump
the fed should not do another 'stimulus.' we can't keep spending our children's future away on waste.
why did we spend billions of our money on libya if we are not going to get any of the country's oil? what do we get out of this?
"the fact that we still don't know these things about barack obama is the point." @monicacrowley on @seanhannity 's show last night.
"@markpryceagee: i believe donald trump would be the best candidate to run for president under the republican party.  " i do also!
" @foxnews : @frankluntz : time for the republican establishment to accept the fact that trump is not only a viable candidate, but lead is real
i am the only republican who will get large numbers of dems and indies (crossover). i will also get states that no other republican can get.
every poll shows high approval of the new sign on @trumpchicago . i am honored by the great support.
thank you for your support!
honored to have passed 1 million twitter followers. we are making america  again.
to @tigerwoods he is truly a great champion and we were honored to have him at trump national doral. @doralresort
" @billd111 @seanhannity any candidate that says trump or anyone else should step down for speaking his mind should himself step down."
" @realtysteve : mr. trump, i have been connected with you by one step through 3 different people in my life, and you would be a great prez!"
if you’re sitting in an office working in a job you hate, then it’s time to think big and plan your next step…
do you think @thegarybusey will be able to “step up” as pm? i know @lisarinna is hoping so.
. @montgomeriefdn your commentary this weekend was fantastic. people love what you say and how you say it.
isn’t it interesting that the tragedy in paris took place in one of the toughest gun control countries in the world?
another great @rydercup this past weekend. one of the best sporting events of the year!
my condolences and prayers to the victims of the terrorist attack in paris.
everyone is now saying how right i was with illegal immigration & the wall. after paris, they’re all on the bandwagon.
this will be one of the biggest and most beautiful miss universe events ever.
did you agree with my decision?
the american people agree. no free pass for  !
total misnomer to call obamacare ‘the affordable care act.’ affordable for whom besides big businesses & congress w/their exemptions?
@politifact ’s  is obama’s if you like your health care plan, you can keep it. wrong. it’s the lie of the decade.
thank you marco, i agree!
the only people who are not interested in being the . pick are the people who have not been asked!
it’s amazing how people can talk about me but i’m not allowed to talk about them.
“as someone once put it, ‘marriage is the greatest ‘anti-poverty’ program god ever created.’”
we, as a country, either have borders or we don't. if we don't have borders, we don't have a country!
" @lee_nall : why not take on the greatest challenge donald trump has ever faced, making this country great again, now that's a legacy!!"
set the bar high--do the best you possibly can. be focused, disciplined and alert every single day.
opec is ripping us off on oil. we are ripping ourselves off by investing in unproven green energy.
is this the new york that ted cruz is talking about & demeaning?
@arkielad in addition to ripping me off.
selfies- yes or no?
while hillary said horrible things about my supporters, and while many of her supporters will never vote for me, i still respect them all!
"the system is rigged!"
do you believe that secy. kerry just went to egypt to talk about "human rights problems" and this as everything is being blown up around him
...it's called intellectual property rights, something they know nothing about.
why are some more concerned with granting terrorist rights than protecting innocent americans?
will barack obama personally read the boston terrorist his miranda rights?
we only want to admit those who love our people and support our values.
our country is totally divided and our enemies are watching. we are not looking good, we are not looking smart, we are not looking tough!
"when are we going to wake up and realize that we are funding our enemies?"
so we can spy on our ally’s leaders but can’t water board terrorists?
we allow japan to sell us millions of cars with zero import tax and we can't make a trade deal with them - our country is in big trouble!
i say we cannot continue to let obama fly around on air force 1, at a cost of millions of dollars a day, for the purpose of politics & play!
i have nothing to do with the plaza casino in atlantic city. i have not been involved with atlantic city for many years. used to love .!
get ready for tonight!
@dannyzuker , are you ready for the deal?
"a person who never made a mistake never tried anything new." - albert einstein
"a person who never made a mistake never tried anything new." -- albert einstein
the last person that hillary or bernie want to run against is donald trump --- and that is fact!
a mediocre person tells. a good person explains. a superior person demonstrates....
amazing… @vattenfallgroup tried to destroy aberdeen.
we must leave "stop and frisk" for a-rod and anthony weiner!
we are going to bring steel and manufacturing back to indiana!
thank you new york, and pennsylvania!
thank you new york! i love you!
thank you- new york! i love you!
when is the media going to talk about hillary's policies that have gotten people killed, like libya, open borders, and maybe her emails?
the worst thing hillary could do is have her husband campaign for her. just watch.
" @carguy_95 have you written anything torwards young adults/college students on how to be successful?" think like a champion is a good start
"@reexaminelife monday i lectured 2 college students that what makes u so successful is you always exceed your customers expectations" thx.
thank you! together we will  !
thank you america! together- we will  !
in the upcoming new year we will focus like never before - if we do that we will have complete and total victory in all we do!
your work will never be in vain if you work for a cause that is greater than yourself.
thank you america! together, we will all  !
remember, oftentimes the best deal you make is the deal you don't make!
young entrepreneurs – always remember in negotiations that sometimes the best deal you make is the one you walk away from.
won’t be a buyer’s market for long. if you can, purchase a home but remember, i told you this three years ago.
. @reince is doing a fantastic job for the republican party--hope he gets the credit he deserves.
as i said on @foxandfriends this ., you have to give obama credit—he won! ...
he is working hard and for that he must be given credit!
obama wants taxes to go up so he can take credit for lowering them next year.
where is the progress in the state of new york over the last three years? there is none--only backwards.
just got back from iowa, great people!
"if i'd started in business thinking i knew everything, i'd have been sunk before i got started." - think like a champion
the secret of getting ahead is getting started. -- mark twain
"the secret of getting ahead is getting started." -- mark twain
just got back from iowa - had a great time with amazing people. will be back soon!
for america to be great again we must have a president who has been successful and americans can learn from on how to succeed.
happy birthday to my friend, the great @jacknicklaus - a totally special guy!
@mgseneca he was a great friend of mine--loyal guy.
jerry buss was a great guy and friend. he will be missed!
was with @jacknicklaus yesterday--great golfer, great architect, great guy!
tom brady is a good friend of mine, a great player, a great guy and a total winner! fantastic comeback win-this is what our country needs!
shooting deaths of police officers up 78% this year. we must restore law and order and protect our great law enforcement officers!
when will anyone be held accountable for the va scandal? the politicians are experts in never facing any consequence.
i will stand with police and protect all americans!
. police and law enforcement seem to have killed one of the california shooters and are in a shootout with the others. go police
snowden has given serious information to china and russia-anyone who thinks otherwise is a dope! he is a traitor who fled-he knew the crime!
very sad that republican donors were targeted by obama’s irs.
many of hillary’s donors are the same donors as jeb bush’s—all rich, will have total control—know them well.
“if you plan for the worst – if you can live with the worst – the good will always take care of itself.” – the art of the deal
today is the first day of the rest of your life - make the most of it!
" @iintend : donaldtrump at one time you were 900 million in debt and you came back. you never flinched. you have to respect that." thank you
7 million americans are going to lose their jobs due to obamacare. 46 million face 300% premium increases. defund!
if i only had 1 person running against me in the primaries like hillary clinton, i would have gotten 10 million more votes than she did!
. @mittromney will create 2 million new jobs if elected potus. if reelected, @barackobama will create over $12t in new debt. easy choice.
we can create jobs in the american economy by protecting our own manufacturing sector.
" @derekcarlson : donaldtrump turned a $1 million loan into $10 billion. that's like you turning a $1,000 loan into $10 million. couldyoudoit?
go out and vote--- this will be the most important election of our time!
with 50 days until the election, it is  for @mittromney & @gop
@barackobama has a record low 39% gallup approval rating. why so high?
with the world hating us and wanting to destroy the ., we have just cut the hell out of the military budget, making it smallest since '39
wow, even lowly rand paul has just past @jebbush in the new @cnn poll. jeb is at 3%, i'm at 39%. stop throwing your money down the drain!
true, america is rapidly losing it's spirit, and when that's gone, we will only be going in one direction - and that direction is down!
" @amandajoan40 : this is the first time in my adult life that i have been excited about an election   "
journal news readership is already down 50 percent over the years.
if you treat people right they will treat you right...ninety percent of the time. -- franklin d. roosevelt
placing the ball in the right position for the next shot is eighty percent of winning golf. -- ben hogan
in the 10:30 pm et lead-in to local news, @apprenticenbc delivered a 31 percent margin of victory...
vanity fair circulation down 20 percent. my third rate stalker should start looking for a new job.
here we go with the oscars!
go to work today, be smart, think positively and win!
entrepreneurs: put everything you've got into what you're doing. know exactly what you want and go for it. nothing should be haphazard.
. @evaemery thanks--you sound great!
@coco471031 you really sound like a loser no-name!
we are going to make our country so strong again, so great again. no more ripping off the united states. we will make america great again!
make america great again!
make america great again! make america safe again!
@subirchowdhury how are you - $5.5 million (a bargain).
why can't the pundits be honest? hopefully we are all looking for a strong and great country again. i will make it strong and great! jobs!
"experience is not what happens to you; it's what you do with what happens to you." -- aldous huxley
let’s see what happens in the boardroom…
"you have to love what you do or you are never going to be successful no matter what you do in life.” - think big
"you have to love what you do or you are never going to be successful no matter what you do in life." - think big
" @lamodaya : in life you don´t get what you want, you get what you negotiate: donald trump"
terrible attacks in ny, nj and mn this weekend. thinking of victims, their families and all americans! we need to be strong!
we have got to take our country back. it's time!
in the upcoming new year we will focus like never before - if we do that we will have complete and total victory in all we do!
" @kata2bijak : you have to have big ideas, but you've got to have energy to get them done. ~ donald trump"
" @baberuth99 : we've got your back mr. trump! we're not politicians (all talk and no action). just let us know what you need us to do."
we should leave afghanistan immediately. no more wasted lives. if we have to go back in, we go in hard & quick. rebuild the us first.
many people look at successful people & don't see anything but the end result. they don't see all the work that went into getting there.
“successful people keep moving. they make mistakes, but they don't quit.” – conrad hilton
republicans have all the cards...but they just don't know it!
“one reason many people do not do well in business is because they do not do well with people.” – midas touch
"all successful people are high energy people who are passionate about what they do. find a passion that energizes you." - think big
. @frankluntz works really hard but is a guy who just doesn't have it - a total loser!
does everyone see that the democrats and president obama are now, because of me, starting to deport people who are here illegally. politics!
i'm not going to be watching much nfl football anymore. too time consuming, too boring, too many flags and too soft. focus on other things!
@brianspurr not too many around!
. city is paying forty million dollars to five men that many think are guilty as hell. so many facts - should have been trial. politics!
wages in are country are too low, good jobs are too few, and people have lost faith in our  need smart and strong leadership now!
@drewmillington actually, too many to pick one.
" @malachinorris : donald j. trump is the very definition of the american success story. through trump we can bring back the american dream."
“any political leader who won’t face the future head on is putting the american dream at risk.” – the america we deserve
“integrity is the essence of everything successful.” – richard buckminster fuller
do you think that hillary clinton will apologize to me for the lie she told about "the video" of me being used by isis. there is no video.
hillary clinton lied last week when she said isis made a . video. the video that isis made was about her husband being a degenerate.
we only want to admit those who love our people and support our values.
people are struggling to get gasoline for their cars--we are like a third world country.
@dafny01 do not give up, keep moving forward.
" @wizhether : donaldtrump keep it up! they're attacking you because they're afraid. you're winning! we who love our country have your back!"
“you have to keep going and moving forward, no matter what is happening around you or to you.” – think like a champion
whether you think you can or think you can't, you're right. -- henry ford
"whether you think you can or think you can't--you're right." henry ford
we have a sacred duty to care for our vets and their families. veterans deserve universal access to care anywhere and anytime!
we have a sacred duty to care for our vets and their families. our vets are owed full access to healthcare anytime & anywhere!
“government's first duty is to protect the people, not run their lives.” – ronald reagan
"government's first duty is to protect the people, not run their lives.” – president ronald reagan
the ows protesters are doing nothing to advance the interests of the 99%. time for them to go home!
trump will make america great!!!!
make america great again!
make america great again! make america safe again!
we have to make america great again!
in business, you make decisions that are in your best interests. time for the us gov't to do the same. let’s make america great again!
many people have been asking me to answer questions. you can ask me questions at any time.
trump will make america great!!!!
because of me, the republican party has taken in millions of new voters, a record. if they are not careful, they will all leave. sad!
america used to be the leader of the world. thanks to obama america isn't even leading from behind.
i will be interviewed on @todayshow and good morning america at 7:00 .
why can't the leaders of the republican party see that i am bringing in new voters by the millions-we are creating a larger, stronger party!
@crewsawyer it will be fantastic--be sure to visit.
@laurierobertson it will be fantastic! be sure to visit.
both candidates are looking sharp- now it's up to the mouth and the mind.
firing bret was a tough one for me-but omarosa doesn't seem to mind.
“if you want to be successful at anything in life, you have to be able to handle pressure.” – think big
"if you're going to think--think big" --- the art of the deal
"if you love what you do, you are going to work harder, you are going to try harder and you will be better at it." - think big
job tip: if you were the employer, what kind of person would you most desire as an employee? be that person.
"if you love your work, the difficulties will be balanced out by the enjoyment." think big
. @foxandfriends in 15 minutes!
many of the great jobs that the people of our country want are long gone, shipped to other countries. we now are part time, sad! i will fix!
entrepreneurs: don’t ever think you’ve done it all already or that you’ve done your best. you haven't-- so don't limit yourself!
we will never cut spending until we actually work off of a budget. the democrats haven't passed one in over 3 years. what a joke.
proud to see my friend governor chris christie standing up for israel on his visit. standing tall!
thank you @donaldjtrumpjr . proud of you!
if you're going to be thinking, you may as well think big.
. @alexsalmond rt @islandbluenose you'll be doing us in scotland a great service if you win. good luck.
" @b_thornton66 : if you were to run for president, you'd have my vote! you're what this country needs!   "
i find the photos of these children killed in newtown in the new york post heartbreaking.
i believe that crooked hillary sent bill to have the meeting with the . so bill is not in trouble with h except that he got caught!
does anybody remember when bill clinton, in 2008, worked long and hard for hillary? she lost! now bill is at it again. just watch.
on bill o'reilly in 5 minutes!
obama keeps namedropping bill clinton-- he is no bill clinton.
problem with @gop is not their message, it’s that they are incapable of controlling the message.
why is @barackobama delaying the sale of f-16 aircraft to taiwan? wrong message to send to china.
. @richlowry is truly one of the dumbest of the talking heads - he doesn't have a clue!
i'm urging my friends in brooklyn to vote for bob turner tomorrow--send @barackobama a message.
what message does it send when @barackobama 's campaign has to spin whether america is better off than it was 4 years ago?
going to ohio, home of one of the worst presidential candidates in history--kasich. can't debate, loves  --dummy!
yesterday in front of rockefeller center
make sure you get out and vote...most important election of our generation...go romney!
go out and vote--- this will be the most important election of our time!
i hope bill clinton starts talking about women's issues so that voters can see what a hypocrite he is and how hillary abused those women!
for great success, you need passion, but make sure it's well directed. learn everything you can about what you're doing. be an expert.
“labor disgraces no man; unfortunately, you occasionally find men who disgrace labor.” - gen. ulysses s. grant
gas prices are about to hit a record high during the labor day weekend. @barackobama could have stopped this.
i just sent @thegarybusey a check of $20,000 for his charity, children's kawasaki disease . he worked hard and deserves it.
is the boston killer eligible for obama care to bring him back to health?
" @pctech181 : for american prosperity, now and for our children's children, there is only one choice. donald trump for president 2016-24."
it’s friday. how many millions has the white house wasted on the obamacare website today?
today we honor the fallen at  , 74 years ago today. if you see a vet today, thank them!
it is truly amateur hour at the white house - and this is why we should not be doing the "war thing" right now!
fast and furious gun running goes all the way to the white house. we need answers now!
"to become a champion, fight one more round." -- james j. corbett, long ago heavyweight champion
the hillary clinton staged event yesterday was pathetic. be careful hillary as you play the war on women or women being degraded card.
the  women totally blow away the victoria’s secret women!
the media is so after me on women wow, this is a tough business. nobody has more respect for women than donald trump!
. @andre_reed83 thanks for your nice words. you are a real champion. i’m pushing!
" @ileadliberty : i truly love this land of the free and i know that donaldtrump will cut through the confusion and make america great again!"
@dannyzuker another racist remark by you, danny, are you a racist?
. @thereval came to my trump tower office to apologize for calling me a racist--very nice, apology accepted!
. @davidletterman @late_show fully apologized last night for calling me a racist. thank you david--we are again friends.
like al sharpton, @donnydeutsch apologized to me for calling me a racist on @todayshow --apology accepted!
"hillary clinton needs to address the racist undertones of her 2008 campaign."
thank you to the people of new hampshire, i love you! now, off to south carolina.
thank you to @franklin_graham . i have always appreciated your courage, but now more so than ever!
the independent watchdog who exonerated @barackobama for the failed green energy loans just donated $52,500 to obama's campaign.
forty -six million americans---more than at any time ever in the history of this country--now live under the poverty line.
" @kata2bijak : you have to have big ideas, but you've got to have energy to get them done. ~ donald trump"
" @rpturnberry : @turnberrybuzz cocktail time at trump turnberry  "
"rosechem1 one of the reasons that i like you is because i feel that old american greatness in your mentality. it makes me feel hope!" thx.
i wonder how officials @texastech feel now after treating coach mike leach with so little respect after their loss to @tcufootball 82-27?
. @mittromney is trying to hit back at me because i'm saying that he let the repub party down w/ his loss to obama. should've won—he choked!
@trainspartanfit your family and dad are great-your mother must have been amazing!
iran's attack on israeli diplomats is an attack on the west
don't attack syria - an attack that will bring nothing but trouble for the . focus on making our country strong and great again!
the attack on our libyan consulate was the worst attack on the us since 9/11. time for obama to come clean.
a robust growing economy is how to fix social security and medicare---not cuts on seniors.
president obama's weakness and indecision may have saved us from doing a horrible and very costly (in more ways than money) attack on syria!
china loved obama’s climate change speech yesterday. they laughed! it hastens their takeover of us as the leading world economy.
the chinese talk of climate change and carbon footprint but don't clean up their factories-but they sell us the equipment to clean up ours!
the man made "climate change" that our "great" president should be focused on is of the nuclear variety brought upon us because of weakness!
" @oldmanconroy : it's called "climate change". no, they changed it to "climate change" when "global warming" wasn't working anymore-too cold!
i am really happy that hillary made her speech right under trump world tower!
obama should work on a ceasefire in chicago as well as gaza.
there’s a reason @mcuban ’s partners can’t stand him and on top of that, the team sucks!
it seems there is never a problem for which @barackobama cannot find a reason for another speech and another tax.
congress was elected last november to reign obama in, not to give him ‘fast track’ authority for bad trade deals for the american worker!
hillary will never reform wall street. she is owned by wall street!
we have to make america great again!
" @carrillo_pete :  america great again. we need a outsider to bring class and discernment back to our nation. we need  "
we should not bail out any of the european countries or banks.
we have to make the . rich again so that we can afford to pay social security, medicare,and medicaid and strong to keep our enemies out
notice that illegal immigrants will be given obamacare and free college tuition but nothing has been mentioned about our veterans
the american people agree. no free pass for  !
"@fsdiva06: santa...all i want for christmas.  kids to be healthy  pay off all our debt be debt free 3. donaldtrump become president
@phil_grech your not free, you'll never be free. you'll be back (if you ever left) because you can't help yourself!
we fight to free libya and they kill our ambassador and other americans. obama's foreign policy is a joke.
@stockmarket100 it might but there'd be "hell to pay!"
just to show you how unfair republican primary politics can be, i won the state of louisiana and get less delegates than cruz-lawsuit coming
"in politics, and in life, ignorance is not a virtue." this is a primary reason that president obama is the worst president in . history!
hillary clinton has been involved in corruption for most of her professional life!
crooked hillary has been fighting isis, or whatever she has been doing, for years. now she has new ideas. it is time for change.
the worst thing hillary could do is have her husband campaign for her. just watch.
if @megynkelly stopped covering me on her show, her ratings would drop like a rock! my h to h interview with @ac360 beat her by millions!
i am not only fighting crooked hillary, i am fighting the dishonest and corrupt media and her government protection process. people get it!
karzai of afghanistan is not sticking with our signed agreement. they are dropping us like dopes. get out now and re-build .!
the senate should immediately vote on the iranian sanctions bill. what is the delay? iran is already breaking its agreement with obama
@kleckhardt yes--it is great!
is this boring or is it just me?
the media is so dishonest. if i make a statement, they twist it and turn it to make it sound bad or  think the public is stupid!
: stopping obamacare is now up to the american people. we must elect @mittromney this november.
winning isn't everything, but the will to win is everything. -- vince lombardi
why isn’t the @gop congress doing everything possible to defund and cut obamacare?
great that pres. o is seeing @mittromney today—lots of good things can happen.
“if you can accept losing, you can't win.” - vince lombardi
time for the first firing of the night.
why is president obama allowed to use air force one on the campaign trail with crooked hillary? she is flying with him tomorrow. who pays?
taxpayers are paying a fortune for the use of air force one on the campaign trail by president obama and crooked hillary. a total disgrace!
the live finale of @apprenticenbc is this sunday at 9/8c. watch and see who will be the first ever all-star celebrity apprentice.
north carolina is a fantastic state with wonderful people. i enjoy my time there when i visit trump national charlotte.
thank you for your continued support!
good response on jobs by @mittromney .
third rate @politico took every negative tweet or response they could find & put it out--when in fact the response is incredibly positive.
have a great good friday and a happy easter.
wow, one of the all-time greats in fashion, oscar de la renta, has just died at 82. great fashion achievements but also a really nice guy!
"the only way to do great work is to love what you do." – steve jobs
i'm going to do what @mittromney was totally unable to do- win!
"you have to love what you do or you are never going to be successful no matter what you do in life." - think big
"you have to love what you do or you are never going to be successful no matter what you do in life.” - think big
what do you think so far?
who are your favorites on team power? team plan b?
" @wpayton344 : @paulmanafort great interview on cnn-being from ct- i am thrilled you are part of this team-go trump!"
" @mitchryanrocks : please run for office. this country needs ur leadership, knowledge, n passion. also, i'd love to be a part of ur team!"
which team is your favorite?
the yankees are absolutely terrible--- what happened to this team?
entrepreneurs: everything starts with you. leadership is not a group effort--if you're in charge, then be in charge.
this is amateur night - who the hell is in charge of this production?
realize that being an entrepreneur is not a group effort. you're in charge. everything starts with you.
realize that being an entrepreneur is not a group effort. you're in charge--everything starts with you.
" @carolburnett3 : @anncoulter i just love the way ann coulter remembers your acts of kindness donald trump....go trump we love you"
the worst thing hillary could do is have her husband campaign for her. just watch.
want to take a quiz with me? download the @millonseconds app and watch @ryanseacrest on monday at 8/7c on @nbc
honest omarosa: she won't backstab-she'll come at you from the front.
crooked hillary called it totally wrong on brexit - she went with obama - and now she is saying we need her to lead. she would be a disaster
" @realjuliemallen indeed she was  she also looks like she was beautiful person as well great moms matter they shape who wer" thank you
jodi arias has stated that she follows me on twitter so i really hate to be saying that she is guilty but sadly, she is as guilty as it gets
hillary defrauded america as secy of state. she used it as a personal hedge fund to get herself rich! corrupt, dangerous, dishonest.
remember, china is not a friend of the united states!
president obama will go down as perhaps the worst president in the history of the united states!
" @epilepsys will you or @erictrump try to be president of the united states? you could be a great president." thanks.
don't worry, the united states will be great again!
crooked hillary clinton is totally unfit to be our president-really bad judgement and a temperament, according to new book, which is a mess!
ny should frack now. what’s the hold up? is albany opposed to creating jobs and making gas cheaper for middle class?
. @club4growth asked me for $1 million. i said no. now falsely advertising that i will raise taxes. i’ll lower big league for middle class.
focus on your goals, not your problems. and remember--problems are a mind exercise--so enjoy the challenge.
how incompetent are our leaders allowing these ebola infected people to come into our country with all of the problems and danger entailed!
" @nyamdavaaj : you better run in 2016 for president and fix these problems,you can do this donald!!!   right @ivankatrump ?"
"you have to love what you do or you are never going to be successful no matter what you do in life." - think big
"you have to love what you do or you are never going to be successful no matter what you do in life.” - think big
" @b_thornton66 : if you were to run for president, you'd have my vote! you're what this country needs!   "
@anthonynotweet make sure you are doing what you love to do. you need passion to keep you going.
"what you dream about is what you do. if you cannot even dream of doing big things, you will never do anything big."--think big
we are one nation. when one hurts, we all hurt. we must all work together-to lift each other up.
we are one nation. when one state hurts, we all hurt. we must all work together - to lift each other up.
. @piersmorgan and @omarosa really hate each other.
our country has to come together. we have to start working with, and really liking, each other. the whole world is watching baltimore.
i laugh when i see marco rubio and jeb bush pretending to "love" each other, with each talking of their great friendship. typical phony pols
thank you - michigan!
word is i am doing very well in michigan and mississippi! wow, and with all that money spent against me! will be going to trump jupiter now!
how come there are no protests in favor of the two young police officers gunned down in mississippi by two deranged animals. death penalty!
i have been leading big in all polls, with two more today, @nbc and @cnn . the nbc poll is more than double next, at 29%. fiorina has 11%.
just returned from mississippi - a great evening.
i hate to say it, but the republican convention was far more interesting (with a much more beautiful set) than the democratic convention!
will be on @cnbc at @7 :22. enjoy!
president obama missed the deadline!
dave letterman @late_show said during my interview that obama was "probably" born in the us--the word "probably" is a disaster for obama.
if @barackobama really loved this country, he wouldn't be destroying it. he has ruined our credit and killed jobs with obamacare.
my daughter ivanka did great tonight in new hampshire. the sold out crowd loved her, and she loved them. thanks ivanka!
. @jessebwatters , you did a great job hosting @oreillyfactor . everybody loved it! thank you for the nice words.
today is the first day of the rest of your life - make the most of it!
i loved beating john kasich in the debates, but it was easy—he came in dead last!
it is time republicans stop attacking each other and focus on @barackobama . america cannot survive a second term.
ny should frack now. what’s the hold up? is albany opposed to creating jobs and making gas cheaper for middle class?
let's not start celebrating over libya until we see who takes over.
remember, i am the only one who is self-funding my campaign. all of the other candidates are bought and paid for by special interests!
i am greatly honored by the results of the cnn poll in iowa. in the end, i believe the final results will be even better than that!
i am the only one who can beat hillary clinton. i am not a mitt romney, who doesn't know how to win. hillary wants no part of "trump"
remember, i am the only candidate who is self-funding. while i am given little credit for this by the voters, i am not bought like others!
we have all been following the wisconsin recall election. @scottkwalker 's victory tonight will be well-earned. a governor who gets results.
last nights results - in poll taken by nbc.
i would like to wish all fathers, even the haters and losers, a very happy fathers day.
what is he reading?
why did pres obama remove sanctions against iran prior to negotiating rather than completing successful negotiation & then remove sanctions?
remember that bill clinton was brought in to help hillary against obama in 2008. he was terrible, failed badly, and was called a racist!
...it's called intellectual property rights, something they know nothing about.
when i was 18, people called me donald trump. when he was 18, @barackobama was barry soweto. weird.
govt. collapsing in iraq only 2 weeks after withdrawal of our troops. sadly, i called this one and please remember, i alone called it.
bill clinton's meeting was a total secret. nobody was to know about it but he was caught by a local reporter.
the only job @barackobama cares about is his own. everything he does is for his own reelection.
trump will make america great!!!!
"@chris_r_2014: @wendypeters what i admire is that donald trump loves this country. he will put country over self and make america great."
thank you texas! 10,000 amazing supporters!
while hillary said horrible things about my supporters, and while many of her supporters will never vote for me, i still respect them all!
thank you virginia! 15,000 amazing supporters! everyone get out and  tomorrow!
thank you new york, i will never forget!
" @donaldtrumpfink : . @govmikehuckabee : if donald becomes president, he will do a whole lot more to protect us than hillary will."
sorry folks, but donald trump is far richer and much better looking than dopey @mcuban !
trump will make america great!!!!
new q poll out- we are going to win the whole deal- and make america great again!
. @jebbush has embarrassed himself & his family with his incompetent campaign for president. he should remain true to himself.
if the gop establishment really wants to defeat @barackobama then they should read  .
obama says a wall at our southern border won't enhance our security (wrong) and yet he now wants to build a much bigger wall (fence) at .
getting ready to make my speech at  . a great honor!
what is never said is that people take a big risk with their money and can lose it all. we should be given credit for taking this risk.
join us at 10pme on @abc2020 @abc with @barbarajwalters !
making a big speech in alabama today. so many people we had to move to a football stadium! come and join us!
everyone join me tomorrow at 11 am in trump tower atrium.
" @teresalynnarthu : @brandiglanville @mmayer87 @apprenticenbc it's about time the date was announced! i love this show!  "
"@jessicahrabbit: " @troylaneroberts : taking my daughter on a date. only the best tonight!   " how much?"
in order to stay competitive in your industry, it is imperative to keep up to date on all news. a great commodity is information.
"@pepper4366 thought your show would never return. what is start date.  " start shooting next week!
social media has changed the news & communication landscape for good. everything must be up to date by the second instead of the hour or day
@barackobama made a campaign decision on delaying the keystone pipeline to  pipeline would lower oil prices and create jobs.
obama will eventually approve the keystone xl pipeline--has to happen but it is very late!
so sad that obama rejected keystone pipeline. thousands of jobs, good for the environment, no downside!
the keystone pipeline will create 20,000 jobs and lower gas prices. but obama says no. dumb.
@barackobama is obviously going to approve the keystone pipeline after the election if he wins. his supporters are being played.
it would be nice if our commander-in-chief was as concerned for our veterans health as he is for illegal immigrants becoming citizens.
“think of yourself as a one-man army. you’re not only the commander in chief, you’re the soldier as well.” – think like a billionaire
more poll results from last nights commander-in-chief forum.
so, what will happen to the big o on celebrity apprentice tonight. remember, i only fire people when it is deserved, not for other reasons!
"@jak00seven: if you like how @hillaryclinton handled  , then you'll just her as commander-in-chief  "
. @jebbush , like it or not, our country needs more energy and spirit than you can provide!
what do you think of the choices for project manager?
“if we get tough and make the hard choices, we can make america a rich nation—and respected—once again.” – time to get tough
seems to be the next election must be about jobs and gas prices--not birth control.
" @realjoemurray :  is the best reality show on tv. this season was worth the wait! now run for president, mr. trump!"
“strong men have sound ideas and the force to make these ideas effective.” -- andrew mellon
"figure out what really moves you. you've got to have the 'fire' in order to have the midas touch." -- midas touch
. @traceadkins isn’t excited about their ideas. are you?
"having a vision for something can be a very powerful force for accomplishment." --midas touch
if someone says “i’ll bet you ten dollars” and loses the bet, it’s pay up time.
just watched @meetthepress and how totally biased against me chuck todd, and the entire show, is against  good news-the people get it!
off to nashville and the nra.
we have got to take our country back. it's time!
you have enemies? good. that means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life. -- winston churchill
"you have enemies? good. that means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life." -- winston churchill
"fear defeats more people than any other one thing in the world." -- ralph waldo emerson
in the upcoming new year we will focus like never before - if we do that we will have complete and total victory in all we do!
we, as a country, either have borders or we don't. if we don't have borders, we don't have a country!
isn’t it interesting that now that i’m  in the polls, the networks show polls that are a month old!
" @paulkellysr mr trump thanks for saying what millions are thinking. we need to turn america around if we want to save her."
why do we keep broadcasting when we are going to attack syria. why can't we just be quiet and, if we attack at all, catch them by surprise?
if you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing, you're right. -- henry ford
the last thing we need is another bush in the white house. would be the same old thing (remember "read my lips, no more taxes"). greatness!
"the worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it."
one good aspect of the obama depression is that it will separate the winners from the losers. if you can make it now, you deserve it!
hillary said with respect to isis, "we are finally where we need to be." do we want 4 more years of incompetent leadership? maga!
we need another bush in office about as much as we need obama to have a 3rd term. no more bushes!
the last thing we need is another bush in the white house. would be the same old thing (remember "read my lips, no more taxes"). greatness!
we need much tougher, much smarter leadership - and we need it now!
"@kencee11: we need you to run for potus. we need a real american, one with the same values that built this country.. go trump 2016 !"
the mayweather decision is a disgrace!
re super pac scam: what the other candidates are doing is a disgrace.
why is the un condemning @israel and doing nothing about syria? what a disgrace.
what did you think of the boardroom?
great boardroom! what did you think?
for america to be great again we must have a president who has been successful and americans can learn from on how to succeed.
if you fail once, twice, three times, it doesn't matter. learn from your mistakes and push forward to victory-the sweetest feeling there is!
comic @sethmeyers21 bombed at university of texas at arlington—crowd was dismal as was his performance—i told you so!
thank you texas! 10,000 amazing supporters!
so, what did you think of my decision? what would you have done?
getting ready to go on @kellyandmichael - two great people!
what do you think so far?
what do you think of gary's definition of f-u-n?
many people have been asking me to answer questions. you can ask me questions at any time.
president obama missed the deadline!
my wife melania trump's show was a tremendous success last night. in case you missed her, you can see her again tonight on @qvc at 7 pm et
the legendary @barbarajwalters will be asking me questions about the presidential campaign on @wntonight at 6:30 pm.
the boston killer will soon be asking for a presidential pardon—don’t give it to him, mr. president—hang tough!
the only job @barackobama cares about is his own. everything he does is for his own reelection.
" @johnnydevine137 i'm all for donald trump owning the bills. give trump a chance and watch the donald, trump the competition." @nflcommish
" @petegagliardo seeing how excited trump is about the bills is awesome. we deserve to have someone committed to keeping the bills in buffalo
@pliztef i like being nice to people.
the country is being run just like the stadium.
me, by a lot!
it's amazing how many people still come up to me to thank me for 'the art of the deal.' the book has changed a lot of lives.
... but @billmaher is allowed to say that about me.
sanders says he wants to run against me because he doesn't want to run against me. he would be so easy to beat!
i never want someone working for me who doesn’t want to be there--and in the same way, you shouldn’t want to be there, either.
obama's war on women has lead to the biggest decline in female employment in 40 years. 4 more years??
jeb bush spent more than $40,000,000 in new hampshire to come in 4 or 5, i spent $3,000,000 to come in 1st. big difference in capability!
our economy has had worst recovery under obama since the depression. results of his policies speak for themselves. no new taxes!
"but why shouldn't i speak out? don't you speak out in this country?" - george steinbrenner
why do the republicans always negotiate against themselves in public? watching them operate these fiscal negotiations is painful.
i still love derek, he is a winner!
the only job @barackobama cares about is his own. everything he does is for his own reelection.
great twitter poll- and i wasn't even there. thank you!
even though bernie sanders has lost his energy and his strength, i don't believe that his supporters will let crooked hillary off the hook!
obama told his donors this past week “public opinion” is on his side. don't believe that one either.
the new @barackobama motto - "you own nothing, not even your own success" ...
@tracyn3109 seems like it!
new episode starting now!
everyone is starting to feel the new tax hikes. you get what you vote for!
that the obama administration didn't know the facts about who bergdahl was before making the stupid 5 killers for one trade is pathetic!
"sometimes the best thing you can do is just let things ride, let time go by." donald j. trump
thank you america! together, we will all  !
thank you! together we will  !
thank you for your support! together we can  !
thank you america! together- we will  !
thank you america! together, we will all  !
thank you new hampshire! together we will make america great again!
an important part of my (or anybody's) success is the ability to judge people. i believe that @mileycyrus is a really good person.
3 chief of staffs in less than 3 years of being president: part of the reason why @barackobama can't manage to pass his agenda.
it’s important to promote an image of yourself each and every day. it’s part of having a sense of self and a sense of purpose.
“a man always has two reasons for doing anything: a good reason and the real reason.” -- j. p. morgan
" @bigg_ritch : the reason trump is the man... he wants americans to work not illegal aliens. they live better than we do illegally.
obama is a disaster at foreign policy. never had the experience or knowledge. he is not capable of doing the job.
with all of the crooked hillary clinton's foreign policy experience, she has made so many mistakes - and i mean real monsters! no more hrc.
“ @omarosa is a bit toxic” per @brandenroderick . being a bit pc?
crooked hillary is spending big wall street money on ads saying i don't have foreign policy experience, yet look what her policies have done
our foreign policy decisions are dumbest in . history
@patrickmendeznv great idea - did you see their list, a joke!
i am on @foxnews with @greta doing a town hall, from wisconsin- now! enjoy!
i really enjoyed last night's tele-town hall with @ralphreed 's faith and freedom coalition. thanks to the thousands who joined.
thank you for your support at this mornings town hall- in salem, new hampshire.
will be participating in a town hall tonight on @seanhannity at 10pme from austin, texas. enjoy!
thank you iowa! great night---see you soon!
total misnomer to call obamacare ‘the affordable care act.’ affordable for whom besides big businesses & congress w/their exemptions?
sec of state kerry said we would not go back to iraq. we shouldn’t, but he should not have said that. so stupid!
the unaffordable care act, sometimes referred to as obamacare, is not working. millions of people are losing their plans and doctors-fraud!
why do we keep broadcasting when we are going to attack syria. why can't we just be quiet and, if we attack at all, catch them by surprise?
" @sirsmooth61 taj employee here mr trump, we will welcome you back with open arms! we need you back!" thanks mark, i am looking!
crooked hillary called it totally wrong on brexit - she went with obama - and now she is saying we need her to lead. she would be a disaster
they're going to riot in ferguson no matter what.
no matter how good the replacement refs do, they will be soundly criticized--they can't win!
@barackobama inherited $10.6 trillion in national debt---will leave after his first term with the debt at over $17.6 trillion.
national debt january 2009 = $10.6 trillion august 2016 = $19.4 trillion
" @mikerotondo86 only trump can bring us back from 20 trillion in debt... he's the only one with the experience and skill set to do so."
secure the border! build a wall!
@barackobama has already added $5 trillion to the national debt in less than 3 years. we must defeat him in 2012.
nancy reagan, the wife of a truly great president, was an amazing woman. she will be missed!
i wonder who @arseniohall 's first guest will be---- his show will be great!
" @epilepsys will you or @erictrump try to be president of the united states? you could be a great president." thanks.
. @melaniatrump and i are looking forward to watching @anndromney 's speech tonight. she is an amazing woman who will be a great first lady!
crooked hillary refuses to say that she will be raising taxes beyond belief! she will be a disaster for jobs and the economy!
congratulations to our great women's olympic soccer team @ussoccer on their gold medal. they made us all proud!
when will our nation's sacrifices be respectfully appreciated? iraq and libya should reimburse us in oil.
@barackobama said yesterday that we have "gone soft." how can the world respect us when our own president doesn't?
are you expanding your business? interview returning soldiers. give them strong consideration. their sacrifices deserve it.
with great patriots in mason city who also want to bring the american dream back! we can make america great again!
" @1simranjitsingh : i am a student myself. i cannot believe that obama, has doubled the interest rate on student loans. trump for president!"
for success: find out what you love to do. trust yourself enough to find out what is best for you and what you're best at doing...
so many major problems for the ., and no answers by our leaders. when will it all change? many of our difficulties are so easy to solve!
i know our complex tax laws better than anyone who has ever run for president and am the only one who can fix them.  @nytimes
we have many problems in our house (country!), and we need to fix them before we let visitors come over and stay. make america great again!
fast and furious gun running goes all the way to the white house. we need answers now!
is that all there is? we need a new president - fast!
today is my birthday. my wish is for our country to be great and prosperous again.
i will be doing the @todayshow with my wife, melania, and the rest of my family in a major town hall. hopefully, it will be fun! .
my kids never negatively discussed my criticism of president obama with me or anyone...it's not in their nature!
on my way to dayton, ohio. will be there soon!
@dianejackson9 if you love what you're doing, the energy and passion will be there. it's the best way to succeed.
" @bombasticsigma : can you just announce already that you're running for president so i can campaign for you.
if you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing, you're right. -- henry ford
whether you think you can or think you can't---you are right. -- henry ford
whether you think you can or think you can't, you're right. -- henry ford
"whether you think you can or think you can't--you're right." henry ford
we need strong, tough and brilliant leadership now more than ever! make america great again!
we need much tougher, much smarter leadership - and we need it now!
wages in are country are too low, good jobs are too few, and people have lost faith in our  need smart and strong leadership now!
we need a president who isn't a laughing stock to the entire world. we need a truly great leader, a genius at strategy and winning. respect!
is that all there is? we need a new president - fast!
again, for all of the haters and losers, i have nothing to do with atlantic city - got out a long time ago!
i have nothing to do with the plaza casino in atlantic city. i have not been involved with atlantic city for many years. used to love .!
remember, anything you read about atlantic city has nothing to do with me. i sold years ago and left. good timing but very sad!
" @chrissergeant : @thomas thanks for the endorsement but there's far more entertaining folk than me out there. there's donald trump for one."
" @david_j_roth : "i was never one who looked at success as bad. for me, success was always good. i loved it, and still do." donald trump
thank you new hampshire!
thank you, new hampshire!
new hampshire is a critical state for both candidates this year. i got to know new hampshire and love it.
will be in new hampshire and then on @cnn special at 9 pm tonight.
leaving for new hampshire now. will be doing the @todayshow there, live at 7:00 . new @cbsnews poll of new hampshire: trump 38 carson 12!
any american who fights with isis should have their passport revoked. take them to gitmo for interrogation.
any american who fights w/ isis in iraq or syria should have their passport revoked. if they try to come back in, send them to gitmo.
i am truly enjoying myself while running for president. the people of our country are amazing - great numbers on november 8th!
i'm just so tired of listening to the same old rhetoric and words, day after day, from our president. it's time to stop talking-work!
our foreign policy decisions are dumbest in . history
" @rbrohammer : just watched your speech at the national press club. fantastic as usual. please consider 2016. we need fantastic leadership"
as usual, the "storm of the century" was not nearly as bad as forecast. what a waste of time, energy and money!
just shows that you can have all the cards and lose if you don’t know what you’re doing.
the more you know, the more you realize how much you don't know. how can you possibly discover anything if you already know everything?
remember, if you do not promote yourself no one else will. when you have success, let people know about it.
pay attention to details. if you don't know every aspect of what you're doing, you're setting yourself up for some big surprises.
re negotiation: know what you want & think about what the other side wants. know where they’re coming from & do not underestimate them.
it’s amazing how people can talk about me but i’m not allowed to talk about them.
look how bad it is getting! how much more crime, how many more shootings, will it take for african-americans and latinos to vote trump=safe!
"you can have the best product in the world, but if people don't know about it, it's not going to be worth much." - the art of the deal
"you can have the best product in the world, but if people don't know about it, it's not going to be worth much." the art of the deal
“you can have the most wonderful product in the world, but if people don’t know about it, it’s not worth much.” - the art of the deal
i will stand with police and protect all americans!
@barackobama said yesterday that we have "gone soft." how can the world respect us when our own president doesn't?
..... he knows i don’t respect him.
look how bad it is getting! how much more crime, how many more shootings, will it take for african-americans and latinos to vote trump=safe!
for america to be great again we must have a president who has been successful and americans can learn from on how to succeed.
“you owe it to yourself and to your community to make your property the best it can be.” – think like a billionaire
@chiamboy8 thanks for your kind thoughts, i love .
my thoughts and prayers are with the victims and families of those affected by two powerful earthquakes in italy and myanmar.
" @iamapatsfan : what are your thoughts on your good friend tom brady's performance yesterday? he was fantastic, a total winner!
keep lightweight marco and his friends out of the white house.
republicans gave obama a free pass to the white house -- they just don't get it.
@gop house has the right bill: “if you like your healthcare plan, you can keep it.” the senate must take it up on a vote!
" @beautifulblusky : now that republicans are dominating the house, all america needs now mr. trump is you for 2016 president of the usa!
president obama wants to change the name of the "white house" because it is highly discriminating and not at all politically correct!
on my way to iowa. will be landing in des moines in two hours. see ya!
tonight on @extratv , i’m talking  . tune-in!
thank you des moines, iowa! governor @mike_pence and i appreciate your support!
i am on @foxandfriends now! tune in!
a great evening in iowa! thank you des moines area community college for a great forum!
" @gopjenna : "i don't care about the game, i care about the people." and that's exactly why we the people love you so much!  "
just received a wonderful letter from a new father who bought his son his first book, the art of the deal. great parent!
. @ericbolling you can do much better than you did tonight on @oreillyfactor . better luck tomorrow!
iran has never had a better friend than obama.
" @joehos18 : trump 96% success rate in business, only 4 out of 100+ companies went south. better than any other candidate. better than all"
"i don't believe you have to be better than everybody else. i believe you have to better than you ever thought you could be." - ken venturi
we are going to win and make america great again, maybe better than ever before!
entrepreneurs: everything starts with you. leadership is not a group effort--if you're in charge, then be in charge.
" @automobilelens : if "the donald" were in charge we would get enough oil to pay for the war and more! try to trump that cowboys!"
this is the best deal the republicans could get?
could be a fight over red-heads with @lisalampanelli —this could be good.
trump will make america great!!!!
six hours left to  connecticut!
@rogerjmunson only 40 hours? (just kidding).
on my way to iowa. will be landing in des moines in two hours. see ya!
on my way to see the great people of maine. will be landing in portland in 2 hours. look forward to it!
i will be on the @colbertlateshow tonight at 11:30
isn't it a shame that the person who will have by far the most delegates and many millions more votes than anyone else, me, still must fight
people do not assume this but more than anything else, i like helping people. be at trump tower at 11 am today.
"sweat equity is the most valuable equity there is. know your business and industry better than anyone else in the world." @mcuban
"you have to learn the rules of the game. and then you have to play better than anyone else." albert einstein
"you have to learn the rules of the game. and then you have to play better than anyone else." -- albert einstein
we are going to have a great time in cleveland. will lead to special results for our country. we will make america great again!
great to see sec. clinton leaving the hospital yesterday with @chelseaclinton and pres. clinton. glad she is recuperating.
hillary clinton does not have the strength or stamina to be president. we need strong and super smart for our next leader - or trouble!
i have a dream that our country will be great again!
why can't the pundits be honest? hopefully we are all looking for a strong and great country again. i will make it strong and great! jobs!
. @thegarybusey is definitely different.
the law requires individuals pay 15% on carried interest. why would a potential president pay more than he or she is supposed to?
" @1simranjitsingh : i am a student myself. i cannot believe that obama, has doubled the interest rate on student loans. trump for president!"
the hedge fund guys (gals) have to pay higher taxes asap. they are paying practically nothing. we must reduce taxes for the middle class!
on immigration, i’m consulting with our immigration officers & our wage-earners. hillary clinton is consulting with wall street.
there's only one candidate who cut medicare and that's barack obama. cut over $700m to move into obamacare.
we should cut off all aid to every country that does not respect our border. why are we giving them money in the first place?
with taxes set to go up and obama about to cut the mortgage deduction, now is the time to buy a house if you can. can get a great deal.
republicans have all the cards...but they just don't know it!
the water damage to nyc is amazing. the winds were bad but the water was worse.
@simonsam it is trump water--thanks.
if you’re sitting in an office working in a job you hate, then it’s time to think big and plan your next step…
obama:“i will destroy isis” = obama: “if you like your healthcare plan, you can keep your plan.”
stop and frisk works. instead of criticizing @ny_police chief ray kelly, new yorkers should be thanking him for keeping ny safe.
thank you marco, i agree!
entrepreneurs: you have to have passion. if you love your work, success will follow.
thank you new york! i love you!
thank you- new york! i love you!
i love you arizona! thank you!
president obama will go down as perhaps the worst president in the history of the united states!
don't worry, the united states will be great again!
" @epilepsys will you or @erictrump try to be president of the united states? you could be a great president." thanks.
our next vice president of the united states of america, gov. @mike_pence !
the united states must immediately institute strong travel restrictions or ebola will be all over the united states-a plague like no other!
forty -six million americans---more than at any time ever in the history of this country--now live under the poverty line.
@forq2 are you making less than minimum wage, don't worry, the government will protect you. afraid to give your real name? you should be.
thank you south carolina!
thank you, south carolina!
thank you south carolina! everyone get out and vote tomorrow! we will  !
thank you for the support, south carolina!
heading to south carolina now - meeting with fantastic people!
i will be on @morning_joe live from new hampshire tomorrow at 7am.
thank you, new hampshire!
thank you new hampshire!
will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:00 - 5 minutes. then i head to new hampshire, great people!
leaving for new hampshire now. will be doing the @todayshow there, live at 7:00 . new @cbsnews poll of new hampshire: trump 38 carson 12!
the media is so after me on women wow, this is a tough business. nobody has more respect for women than donald trump!
@notdevondalton thank her for me!
" @willspeakout : thank you for all that you are doing for us! you campaign endlessly and have spent  love you!  " thanks
" @yankeeworshiper thank you to donald trump for standing up for what you believe e the  lies for hillary and barack."
thank you for all of your support! let's  !
just watched full metal jacket, can't believe r. lee ermey didn't win the academy award as the drill sergeant. political nominations!
"choose your own path: it doesn't have to be the path less traveled...what matters is that it's the right one for you." - vince lombardi
obama has destroyed the middle class. in ’09, median household income was $55,198. now it is $50,678. four more years?
do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. --ralph waldo emerson
"do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail." -- ralph waldo emerson
"do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail." ralph waldo emerson
great poll- florida! thank you!
great poll florida - thank you!
great new poll florida - thank you!
thank you tampa, florida!
wow, just won missouri!
get ready for tonight!
getting ready to watch the debate--- as they say "let's get ready to rumble"!
" @nbcsnl : backstage with trump.   "
keep lightweight marco and his friends out of the white house.
if the wall street protesters are upset about the economy then they should really be protesting @barackobama at the white house.
"@alexbrochesmtv: want to see real change america? get donald in the white house and see a true american businessman fix this economy!!!!
republicans gave obama a free pass to the white house -- they just don't get it.
" @are_jay_sea : we need donaldtrump in the white house in 2016. someone w/o political agenda & who just wants to make our country great again
it is truly amateur hour at the white house - and this is why we should not be doing the "war thing" right now!
make no mistake---fast and furious goes all the way to the white house.
fast and furious gun running goes all the way to the white house. we need answers now!
keep lightweight marco and his friends out of the white house.
i predicted the 9/11 attack on america in my book "the america we deserve" and the collapse of iraq in @timetogettough .
thank you arizona! get out and  on tuesday!
after super tuesday, every gop candidate should take a long hard look at their prospects and drop out if they can't get the nomination.
" @deanpreston76 : time for you to tell @barackobama 'you're fired!'.  we need someone who loves america in office!"
thank you arizona! 20,000 amazing supporters! get out and  on tuesday. i love you!
enjoy the super bowl!
congratulations to @dianesawyer on her big ratings win for the evening news. diane is a spectacular person.
i have nothing to do with the plaza casino in atlantic city. i have not been involved with atlantic city for many years. used to love .!
i am now going to the brand new trump international, hotel . for a major statement.
i am in toronto checking the great trump international hotel - highest rated hotel in canada. it is a beauty!
us news named the top10 best hotels in the us--and trump int'l hotel & tower nyc and trump int'l hotel & tower chicago are on the list!
" @johnnydevine137 i'm all for donald trump owning the bills. give trump a chance and watch the donald, trump the competition." @nflcommish
the ows protesters are doing nothing to advance the interests of the 99%. time for them to go home!
“the thing about high corporate tax rates is that, in the end, companies aren’t the ones who foot the bill, consumers do.”
liberal sd dem candidate rick weiland wants to expand obamacare to single payer & opposes ebola travel ban. send @roundsforsenate to senate!
the ebola nurse should never have been allowed to fly to cleveland and (amazing) back again. nothing works in our once great country anymore
thank you cleveland. we love you and will be back many times!
i just had an amazing day in mumbai, india. building an almost 80 story building, super luxury, which is doing great! press is going wild.
" @_trump4potus : trump continues to rise in the polls! the american people are speaking and speaking loudly.   "
please tweet me your questions to answer in my  .
tweet me your questions to answer.
tweet me your questions for the next  ....
tweet me more of your questions to answer in the next video....
many people have been asking me to answer questions. you can ask me questions at any time.
good morning america weather headline for . - "never ending cold"
thank you to all of the men and women who have served our country. you are our true heroes!
haters, stop saying i went bankrupt, it is not so. i never went bankrupt...
with america's debt topping $21t by the end of his presidency, obama will have effectively bankrupted our country. @davidaxelrod
" @sensanders : i have a message for donald trump: no, we’re not going to hate latinos, we’re not going to hate muslims." i fully agree!
the big problem for little @macmiller is that he’s going to have to have another hit song, not just his donald trump bonanza.
will be back soon virginia. we are going to make america great again!
happy new year everyone...it will be an interesting one!
. @mcilroyrory what a year it has been for you -- and this weekend topped it off. fantastic job, see u at doral.
" @lukebrinker : one year from today.  "
one year ago i started calling president obama incompetent and people thought it was too tough. tonight everyone is using that word!
" @prochekhomeinsp : would be the greatest start to the new year that i could ever imagine!!! happy new year mr. trump and team!!!"
problem with @gop is not their message, it’s that they are incapable of controlling the message.
i will be on @seanhannity tonight- from las vegas, nevada at 10pme. enjoy!
in las vegas, getting ready to speak!
i am in las vegas, at the best hotel (by far), trump international. i will be working with my wonderful teams and volunteers to win nevada!
will be interviewed on @morning_joe at 7:20. great crowd in las vegas yesterday!
@leodicaprio come to miss . tomorrow in las vegas-will be a great evening!
"true courage is being afraid, and going ahead and doing your job anyhow, that's what courage is. " - gen. norman schwarzkopf (1934-2012)
thank you mr. & mrs. @tombarrackjr for the wonderful and magical evening last night. it will not be forgotten.
knowledge requires patience; action requires courage. put patience and courage together and you’ll be a winner.
thank you florida, ohio, and pennsylvania!  is not qualified.
romney campaign used me in 6 primary states and won every one- they should have used me in florida and ohio & he would be president.
the  trend on twitter right now is  - thank you!
the banks need to start lending again otherwise the economy will continue its downturn. this is why we bailed the banks out!
why aren't we getting any oil from iraq before we leave? we are leaving the country wide open for iran. big mistake.
. @club4growth asked me for $1 million. i said no. now falsely advertising that i will raise taxes. i’ll lower big league for middle class.
whether @reppaulryan's plan is sound fiscal policy is not the relevant issue, the issue is strategic timing. why release it now?
sorry banks, when we accused lightweight ag eric schneiderman of not going after banks, he started going after banks—but years too late!
crazy @megynkelly says i don't (won't) go on her show and she still gets good ratings. but almost all of her shows are negative hits on me!
the worst thing hillary could do is have her husband campaign for her. just watch.
i was invited by caroline wozniacki to sit with her family in her special box during her match at the . open yesterday. she's fantastic!
why does @megynkelly devote so much time on her shows to me, almost always negative? without me her ratings would tank. get a life megyn!
if @megynkelly stopped covering me on her show, her ratings would drop like a rock! my h to h interview with @ac360 beat her by millions!
i am offering the chance for barack obama to redistribute $5m to any charity of his choice. everyone wins. take the deal.
"empty pockets never held anyone back. only empty heads and empty hearts can do that." -- norman vincent peale
i laugh when i see marco rubio and jeb bush pretending to "love" each other, with each talking of their great friendship. typical phony pols
if ted cruz is so opposed to gay marriage, why did he accept money from people who espouse gay marriage?
"things turn out best for the people who make the best of the way things turn out." -- john wooden
. @govmikehuckabee was great the other night. people love him.
. @piersmorgan and @omarosa really hate each other.
well, now they're saying that i not only won the nbc presidential forum, but last night the big debate. nice!
many generals and military leaders are now saying "i told you so!" they say this will have big impact on military strength & national sec.
putin's letter is a masterpiece for russia and a disaster for the . he is lecturing to our r has our country looked to weak
more poll results from last nights commander-in-chief forum.
the military generals are fuming at obama. he has boxed them in against isis with a strategy that is destined to fail. sad!
another four years--not good for the country but we'll have to live with it!
just out: trump gop debate - 18,000,000. clinton democrat debate - 6,700,000. and they were on major network vs. cable!
the delegates at the @dnc convention keep shouting "four more years." four more years of 18% real unemployment and another $6t in debt?
jeb bush spent more than $40,000,000 in new hampshire to come in 4 or 5, i spent $3,000,000 to come in 1st. big difference in capability!
isn’t it amazing that @macys paid a massive fine for profiling african americans--& then criticized me for discussing illegal immigration!
wall street paid for ad is a fraud, just like crooked hillary! their main line had nothing to do with women, and they knew it. apologize?
" @paulrsidneyuk : i cannot believe the increase in illegals here in san antonio texas. we are the minority constantly discriminated against
the election is trending towards @mittromney . americans know we can't afford another 4 years of the obama economic decline.
is the boston killer eligible for obama care to bring him back to health?
make no mistake---fast and furious goes all the way to the white house.
fast and furious gun running goes all the way to the white house. we need answers now!
" @nuccioking : if he was white u wouldnt be saying that shit. rt. he is white dummy! what have you been taking!
keep lightweight marco and his friends out of the white house.
republicans gave obama a free pass to the white house -- they just don't get it.
" @wlynton it's my 30th b day today, and a reply from you would be the best gift ever?" happy birthday
@shelleysherwin wish your mother a happy birthday.
happy birthday to my wonderful daughter, @ivankatrump .
for all who have been asking, my mother was a great beauty and a wonderful person. here we are with my father-
. @ac360 anderson, so amazing. your mother is, and always has been, an incredible woman!
“what you dream about is what you will do. if you cannot even dream of doing big things, you will never do anything big in life.”- think big
"what you dream about is what you do. if you cannot even dream of doing big things, you will never do anything big."--think big
@rattiackackack creating jobs for one thing.
be passionate. if you love what you're doing, success will follow.
entrepreneurs: you have to have passion. if you love your work, success will follow.
my plan will lower taxes for our country, not raise them. phony @club4growth says i will raise taxes—just another lie.
when the economy is bad, @barackobama wants to raise taxes. when the economy is good, @barackobama wants to raise taxes. notice a trend?
remember this: obama wants to raise taxes, @mittromney wants to lower taxes--need i say more!
before you vote, think: obama wants to raise taxes, @mittromney wants to lower taxes--need i say more!
obama’s coal regulations will destroy the coal industry, put americans out of work, raise electricity prices & lead to blackouts.
the stock market and us dollar are both plunging today. welcome to @barackobama ’s second term.
make sure to catch @history ’s season finale of “the men who built america” on sun, november 11th. great show.
crooked hillary clinton made up facts about me, and "forgot" to mention the many problems of our country, in her very average scream!
great job @adamscott - you deserve it!
pat buchanan gave a fantastic interview this morning on @cnn - way to go pat, way ahead of your time!
. @andre_reed83 . congratulations andre, you deserve it!
" @roniseale : the american people deserve a wall to protect our jobs, economy and our safety. i am the only candidate who would build it."
thank you to teachers across america! when i become potus we will make education a far more important component of our life than it is now.
we cannot solve our problems with the same thinking we used when we created them. -- albert einstein
because gov. kasich cannot run in the state of pennsylvania-he cannot win the nomination- & should not be allowed to compete in ohio on tue.
let’s all take a moment to remember all of the heroes from a very tragic day that we cannot let happen again!
we cannot let the failing republican establishment, who could not stop obama (twice), ruin the movement with millions of $'s in false ads!
our country is in a major crisis of incompetent leadership. we cannot continue to go on with these politicians who do nothing but talk.
the invention of email has proven to be a very bad thing for crooked hillary in that it has proven her to be both incompetent and a liar!
it's wednesday, how much money is china stealing from us today?
it's thursday and again i ask--how much money is china stealing from us?
morning joe panel is stealing many of my statements and ideas to better america without giving credit -- the story of my life!
" @jodil792 : you know what's making my christmas great, family/food/friends&you! i have my trump shirt on w/hope in my heart for america"
" @mark_brown_pe : a great man once said "don't tell me how hard a job is going to be, tell me how hard it was, when you are finished!"
obama has no understanding of how to create jobs or opportunity. he believes in government.
he is delusional: @barackobama believes that he is the 4th best potus ever.
this is a movement!
just remember, the birther movement was started by hillary clinton in 2008. she was all in!
trump will make america great!!!!
make america great again!
we have to make america great again!
thank you! we will make america great again!
make america great again! make america safe again!
. @seanhannity carly, whose campaign is dead, is making false statements about me in order to salvage hope! sad.
the dying ny daily news put out a false report about my kids not wanting me to criticize obama...totally false!
remember to keep going--if you stop, your momentum will stop.
“remember to keep going: if you stop, your momentum will stop.” – think big
@barackobama should stop pressuring israel against attacking iran and worry how he will stop the iranian nuclear drive. @barackobama
if obama is concerned about the border, he should stop vacationing. gov't will save millions which it can use to stop illegal migration.
our gov’t should immediately stop sending $’s to mexico, no friend, until they release marine & stop allowing immigrant inflow into .
it would be nice if our commander-in-chief was as concerned for our veterans health as he is for illegal immigrants becoming citizens.
how is bernie sanders going to defend our country if he can't even defend his own microphone? very sad!
“think of yourself as a one-man army. you’re not only the commander in chief, you’re the soldier as well.” – think like a billionaire
“to keep your momentum going you must have intrinsic values as well as monetary values. know when to give back.” – think big
more poll results from last nights commander-in-chief forum.
whoever wins today, remember that tomorrow we still have a country struggling. our work is not done until america is strong again.
people like doing deals with me because they know it will be profitable, that i work quickly, and that they will be treated fairly.
this story is no longer about john mccain, it’s about our horribly treated vets. illegals are treated better than our wonderful veterans.
wow - they are really killing jay leno - let him go out with dignity!
happy thanksgiving - i hope everyone can get together to make america great again! it won't be easy, nothing is, but it can be done.
" @johnnydevine137 i'm all for donald trump owning the bills. give trump a chance and watch the donald, trump the competition." @nflcommish
" @linhen23 : @foxandfriends loved trump's answers to voters questions this morning! trump's economic plan will help   "
" @taynishagray : so yeah the first vote i will ever cast for president will be donald trump bc who can really argue with donald trump?"
“learning is a new beginning we can give ourselves every day.” – trump: how to get rich
from donald trump: wishing everyone a wonderful holiday & a happy, healthy, prosperous new year. let’s think like champions in 2010!
our next vice president of the united states of america, gov. @mike_pence !
" @therealtommydel trump for president! tom brady as running mate?"
president obama will go down as perhaps the worst president in the history of the united states!
remember, china is not a friend of the united states!
" @deedeegop : thank u mr. trump, i look forward to when u are elected next president of the united states  . so nice!
jeb bush spent more than $40,000,000 in new hampshire to come in 4 or 5, i spent $3,000,000 to come in 1st. big difference in capability!
club for growth letter- trying to extort $1,000,000.00 from me. remember, i said- no!
great to see @sarahpalinusa back on @foxnews . she's a wonderful woman and commentator.
crooked hillary called it totally wrong on brexit - she went with obama - and now she is saying we need her to lead. she would be a disaster
crooked hillary clinton says that she got more primary votes than donald trump. but i had 17 people to beat—she had one!
before you vote, think: obama wants to raise taxes, @mittromney wants to lower taxes--need i say more!
. @hillaryclinton channels john kerry on trade: she was for bad trade deals before she was against them.
the today show should call me about who to put on the show— i know more about people who get ratings than anyone.
it’s amazing how people can talk about me but i’m not allowed to talk about them.
"if you can't say great things about yourself, who do you think will?" - think like a champion
" @gopjenna : "i don't care about the game, i care about the people." and that's exactly why we the people love you so much!  "
if obama was willing to lie about obamacare then what else has he lied to us about…
miss florida was great in her denial of miss pennsylvania's phoney statements. she blows miss pennsylvania away- a different league .
like it or not, haters and losers, everybody is talking about miss . and miss utah. by the way she is a fine young woman-unfair to her.
whitney houston was a great friend and an amazing talent. we will all miss her and send our prayers to her family.
won $5,000,000 against miss pennsylvania, sheena monnin, for her terrible and untrue statements about miss usa pageant. not a nice person!
congratulations to our new miss usa, the beautiful rima fakih. rima will represent us well at miss universe and be a wonderful miss usa .
for those that constantly say that “global warming” is now “climate change”—they changed the name. the name global warming wasn’t working
we, as a country, either have borders or we don't. if we don't have borders, we don't have a country!
every day mexico continues to hold sgt. tahmooressi is an insult to our country.
hillary will never reform wall street. she is owned by wall street!
i don't want to be the only billionaire in america---i want all americans to be rich.
if america unlocked its energy potential, we would once again be the most powerful country in the world. washington is holding us back.
crooked hillary clinton is bought and paid for by wall street, lobbyists and special interests. she will sell our country down the tubes!
the invention of email has proven to be a very bad thing for crooked hillary in that it has proven her to be both incompetent and a liar!
“get in. get it done. get it done right. get out.” – fred c. trump (my father!)
“get in. get it done. get it done right. get out.” – my father, fred c. trump
china is a threat to america. they are not our friend.
i have a dream that our country will be great again!
" @malachinorris : donald j. trump is the very definition of the american success story. through trump we can bring back the american dream."
"@amoakabr: donaldtrump this country needs you to run... need to teach people what the american dream is again! ronald reagan reincarnated!"
give america back its dream! - j. trump
@forq2 are you making less than minimum wage, don't worry, the government will protect you. afraid to give your real name? you should be.
goofy elizabeth warren lied when she says i want to abolish the federal minimum wage. see media—asking for increase!
" @dietztaa_9 : if donald trump ran for president, he'd have my vote based on his twitter account alone"
the stage is set for the real debate--it will be very interesting!
like her or not, hillary did what she had to do in the debate last night—get through it. her opponents were very gentle and soft!
sorry, there is no star on the stage tonight!
will be heading over to the debate soon. can you believe @cnn is "milking" it for almost 3 hours? too long, too many people on stage!
too many people on stage for debate. @randpaul at 11th, with 2% in @realclearnews , shouldn't be allowed to participate.
getting ready to watch the debate--- as they say "let's get ready to rumble"!
i will stand with police and protect all americans!
get ready for tonight!
getting ready to answer your questions.
obama will go down as the worst president in history on many topics but especially foreign policy.
last night was the first time obama said "we" instead of "i" in respect to bin laden's killing.
we should leave afghanistan immediately. no more wasted lives. if we have to go back in, we go in hard & quick. rebuild the us first.
i can’t believe he would choose @omarosa as his first choice! she is hard to handle.
our foreign policy decisions are dumbest in . history
" @catspolitics : some of us never stopped ignoring him. rt @slate : only the really smart one's never stopped.!
iran’s nuclear program must be stopped – by any and all means necessary.
our next vice president of the united states of america, gov. @mike_pence !
. @barackobama should release all his records (like other presidents)....
"socialists think profits are a vice; i consider losses the real vice." - winston churchill
keep lightweight marco and his friends out of the white house.
mike & mike in one minute!
" @are_jay_sea : we need donaldtrump in the white house in 2016. someone w/o political agenda & who just wants to make our country great again
on mike and mike, @espn in two minutes!
look forward to governor mike pence . introduction tomorrow in new york city.
watch the game-really good.
what a shame @pennstate --lost game--first of many. school legacy is ruined!
go to @macys now to see the incredible new selection of trump signature collection ties, shirts and suits.
i just saw my new tie & shirt collection—it’s fantastic—unbelievable look. go to macy’s now to buy!
" @thtswhtkelsaid : i'm fed up w/ dc playing 3 card monty w/ our tax $'s. it's time we the people play the trump card, & take back our country
“money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep  excitement is playing the game.”–the art of the deal
"sooner or later, those who win are those who think they can." --paul tournier
total misnomer to call obamacare ‘the affordable care act.’ affordable for whom besides big businesses & congress w/their exemptions?
" @oldmanconroy : it's called "climate change". no, they changed it to "climate change" when "global warming" wasn't working anymore-too cold!
this is such a special time to be in new york city. no better city in the world to celebrate christmas!
such a great honor to be the republican nominee for president of the united states. i will work hard and never let you down! america first!
president obama will go down as perhaps the worst president in the history of the united states!
former president jimmy carter is so happy that he is no longer considered the worst president in the history of the united states!
don't worry, the united states will be great again!
" @epilepsys will you or @erictrump try to be president of the united states? you could be a great president." thanks.
head of air force's anti-sexual assault unit arrested for sexual assault! it just seems that our country is not what it used to be.
...that it was hard not to end up rooting for trump..."
i would absolutely kill jon stewart(?) in a debate - it would be no contest - he's not fast enough or smart enough (only obnoxious enough!).
sexual assault and rape in the armed forces is a massive problem that nobody wants to talk about or do anything about-the big dark secret!
it's jan. 2. president obama should end his vacation early & get back to washington to straighten out the obamacare catastrophe--or end it.
i would absolutely kill jon stewart(?) in a debate - it would be no contest - he's not fast enough or smart enough (only obnoxious enough!).
. @rushlimbaugh is right—the republicans lost because they weren’t conservative enough—or tough enough.
@maxvayner your man, little jon s(?) can't win, he's not smart enough or quick enough!
i've had enough of this - good night!
@maxvayner stewart (?) wouldn't have even a little chance in a debate with me. he's totally overrated - not fast enough or smart enough!
i actually enjoyed the piece re sign @thedailyshow . could it be that i’m starting to like jon stewart?
as i’ve said many times before, jon stewart @thedailyshow is highly overrated.
jon stewart @thedailyshow is a total phony –he should cherish his past—not run from it.
i promise you that i'm much smarter than jonathan leibowitz - i mean jon stewart @thedailyshow . who, by the way, is totally overrated.
@menacesocietyut little jon stewart(?) is getting his ass kicked and you and all of his high priced writers know it! don't panic jon.
" @lovusa4 : @fpatterson1050 kind compassionate heart! proof of that his wonderful children all give back they have dad's heart!" thank you!
my heart goes out to the people of boston on this terrible day!
thank you to everyone for the wonderful reviews of my speech on thursday night. from the heart!
... where he raised 2 million dollars for the wonderful kids. eric has a great heart!
to be really successful it is always good to have a cool head, warm heart and beautiful common touch!
it's time for ted cruz to either settle his problem with the fact that he was born in canada and was a citizen of canada, or get out of race
our ally canada wants to send their oil down south to us. @barackobama is forcing canada to send it west to china.
keystone must be approved. oil is at a record high. we need to use our resources and support allies like canada.
looking forward to speaking at  next week in atlantic canada--my first time ever.
" @lamodaya : in life you don´t get what you want, you get what you negotiate: donald trump"
“i have a very strict gun control policy: if there's a gun around, i want to be in control of it.” - clint eastwood
our country needs a president with great leadership skills and vision, not someone like hillary or barack, neither of which has a clue!
more poll results from last nights commander-in-chief forum.
corey lewandowski, senior political adviser: "p has the vision and leadership skills to bring our country back to greatness."
thank you to our fantastic veterans. the reviews and polls from almost everyone of my commander-in-chief presentation were great. nice!
"@jak00seven: if you like how @hillaryclinton handled  , then you'll just her as commander-in-chief  "
" @b_thornton66 : if you were to run for president, you'd have my vote! you're what this country needs!   "
" @bombasticsigma : can you just announce already that you're running for president so i can campaign for you.
"you have to love what you do or you are never going to be successful no matter what you do in life." - think big
"you have to love what you do or you are never going to be successful no matter what you do in life.” - think big
. @flgovscott : amazing race, tremendous courage - you deserved this win for a very old fashioned reason - you have been a great governor!
thank you, northern mariana islands!
see problems as a mind exercise. enjoy the challenge---and remember to keep focused on your goals.
focus on your goals, not your problems. problems are a mind exercise--learn to play beyond your comfort zone.
focus on your goals, not your problems. and remember--problems are a mind exercise--so enjoy the challenge.
getting ready to answer your questions.
@gop house has the right bill: “if you like your healthcare plan, you can keep it.” the senate must take it up on a vote!
. @ericbolling you can do much better than you did tonight on @oreillyfactor . better luck tomorrow!
iran has never had a better friend than obama.
my twitter account is now reaching more people than the new york times--not bad. and we're only going to get better!
we are going to win and make america great again, maybe better than ever before!
" @joehos18 : trump 96% success rate in business, only 4 out of 100+ companies went south. better than any other candidate. better than all"
when you are in a war, or even a battle, losing is not an option!
. @senscottbrown is the most competitive gop option against obama’s amnesty loving @senatorsheehan . he can win!
“there is a point in every contest when sitting on the sidelines is not an option.” -- dean smith
my condolences and prayers to the victims of the terrorist attack in paris.
my prayers and condolences to the victims and families of the terrible tragedy in nice, france. we are with you in every way!
horrific incident in fl. praying for all the victims & their families. when will this stop? when will we get tough, smart & vigilant?
my prayers are with the victims and hostages in the horrible paris attacks. may god be with you all.
another horrific attack, this time in nice, france. many dead and injured. when will we learn? it is only getting worse.
under the leadership of obama & clinton, americans have experienced more attacks at home than victories abroad. time to change the playbook!
we need much tougher, much smarter leadership - and we need it now!
just got home, watching the news, and every story is bad about the . someday we will return to being great again, but we need leadership!
we need strong, tough and brilliant leadership now more than ever! make america great again!
i believe america can be great only with proper leadership.
could be the hurricane helps @mittromney --people are rioting in the streets over gasoline
"an idealist is a person who helps other people to be prosperous." --henry ford
" @kittreantanner :more interviews, mr trump. the more you talk @what you would do if president, the more people want to hear more from you."
top brand impact is what television is all about from the commercial standpoint—a big deal for @celebapprentice .
our thoughts and prayers remain with bret michaels and his family and for his speedy recovery.
whitney houston was a great friend and an amazing talent. we will all miss her and send our prayers to her family.
make sure to enjoy your time with your family during the holiday. it is a special time. love and appreciate your family.
our nation is a once great nation divided!
... it is time to get out and rebuild our own nation.
i really enjoyed the debate last ked hillary says she is going to do so many  hasn't she done them in her last 30 years?
this george zimmerman is really a mess - he really has to just disappear! (he attacked his wife last night).
it was really strange when hillary was missing from the podium last night. not very presidential!
wow, every poll said i won the debate last night. great honor!
why hasn't obama created jobs?
i'm not going to be watching much nfl football anymore. too time consuming, too boring, too many flags and too soft. focus on other things!
i will be in south carolina all week. saturday is big, big, big! get out and vote - make america great again
“hook your career to a big trend. there are huge opportunities for profits if you can create big solutions.” – think big
president obama should have gone to louisiana days ago, instead of golfing. too little, too late!
keep the big picture in mind. there are always opportunities, and thinking too small can negate a lot of them.
i have proven to be far more correct about terrorism than anybody- and it’s not even close. hopefully az and ut will be voting for me today!
i'm urging my friends in brooklyn to vote for bob turner tomorrow--send @barackobama a message.
" @631acf83e56d41c : we need change, your the man!! you got my vote!! i'll campaign for u in az!! let's do it trump!!   "
make sure to vote today. vote for real change. change that will deliver jobs and a free & strong america. vote for @mittromney .
have any questions? send them in.  /a
“do more, be more, give more--and everyone will benefit.” – think like a champion
" @kittreantanner :more interviews, mr trump. the more you talk @what you would do if president, the more people want to hear more from you."
a clinton economy = more taxes and more spending!
"if your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader." – john quincy adams
rush is right. @limbaugh and i have both created more jobs than @barackobama ...in fact, far more jobs!
a good question for would-be entrepreneurs to ask themselves: what am i pretending not to see? there are a lot of opportunities out there.
who are your favorites on team power? team plan b?
what team would you choose to win?
the losing team is now back in boardroom. i can't discuss the team members or what's going on or what happens from here on out.
me, by a lot!
china is a threat to america. they are not our friend.
wages in are country are too low, good jobs are too few, and people have lost faith in our  need smart and strong leadership now!
" @cevazzulia : you have to think anyway, so why not think big? donald trump." so true!
. @berniesanders -who blew his campaign when he gave hillary a pass on her e-mail crime, said that i feel wages in america are too high. lie!
" @joenbc : cokie roberts says donald trump had a really good night."
gas prices are still too high. we really need to pressure opec to lower the price of oil.
hillary's been failing for 30 years in not getting the job done - it will never change.
crooked hillary has been fighting isis, or whatever she has been doing, for years. now she has new ideas. it is time for change.
what a tremendous speech by @mittromney yesterday on the economy in ohio.
" @absabella p speaks the truth and will not back down!! that's why he will be our next president!!  "
" @popularposters : our country needs a president that knows how to protect our constitution and a president that leads speaks the truth"
ohio ch voted for nafta, from which ohio has never recovered. now he wants tpp, which will be even worse. ohio steel and coal dying!
just received from @peterose_14 . thank you pete!  on tuesday ohio!
i wonder why somebody doesn't do something about the clowns @politico and their totally dishonest reporting.
" @kolbytraveller  is more than just talk. i hope he wins the election and gets something done for once in this country.  "
" @aguscalo :every time that somebody ask me about my future i always say: "i want to be like donald trump". you're such an inspiration"thanks
when somebody challenges you, fight back -- be tough!
i don't want to be the only billionaire in america---i want all americans to be rich.
hillary will never reform wall street. she is owned by wall street!
" @dgrant39107133 : @nathanpaul1975 clinton may go to jail but is still running for president? 99% of people would be in jail for what she did
jobs report is really bad - beyond the worst  bad day on wall street!
crooked hillary is spending big wall street money on ads saying i don't have foreign policy experience, yet look what her policies have done
the @wsj wall street journal loves to write badly about me. they better be careful or i will unleash big time on them. look forward to it!
entrepreneurs: do your best to your utmost ability every day. make that your standard.
our country is totally divided and our enemies are watching. we are not looking good, we are not looking smart, we are not looking tough!
we are going to make our country so strong again, so great again. no more ripping off the united states. we will make america great again!
thank you america! together, we will all  !
thank you! together we will  !
we will bring america together as one country again – united as americans in common purpose and common dreams.
@mdahgod not much, it's too easy!
@mamadianna @celebapprentice not easy--thanks!
where is the progress in the state of new york over the last three years? there is none--only backwards.
@jackvoices you are correct, but he is so easy!
entrepreneurs who develop their midas touch do not work for money. they work to create or acquire assets. focus on assets.
"entrepreneurs who develop their midas touch do not work for money. they work to create or acquire assets. focus on assets." -- midas touch
the crooked hillary . choice is very disrespectful to bernie sanders and all of his supporters. just another case of bad judgement by h!
the nra in nashville today was amazing. packed house and standing ovation for trump. thanks!
off to nashville and the nra.
proud to see my friend governor chris christie standing up for israel on his visit. standing tall!
crooked hillary can't close the deal with bernie sanders. will be another bad day for her!
"@joedurak if jeb is the nominee hillary is our next president."
such a great honor to be the republican nominee for president of the united states. i will work hard and never let you down! america first!
"sometimes the best thing you can do is just let things ride, let time go by." donald j. trump
" @tuggers56 : @pmgeezer hillary is so afraid of him. the gop is afraid of him. the american people embrace him! let's elect him, donaldtrump
" @theusalifestyle : @gop   (it will happen) gop must support donald trump    "
expect the best from people. they will rise to the challenge and it's important to inspire confidence.
"one of the most obvious lessons on @apprenticenbc is for the candidates to learn to think quickly." - think like a champion
" @calebccooper reading donaldtrump's "the art of the deal" for my entrepreneurship class. so many cool stories and business lessons to learn
becoming a us citizen is not a right, it’s a privilege.
make sure to vote today. vote for real change. change that will deliver jobs and a free & strong america. vote for @mittromney .
can you believe it—the model who mysteriously disappeared from the obamacare website is not a us citizen—she’s from colombia.
" @gump6363 : i always said i will not vote until i truly believe in a good leader, you sir will get my vote!  "
" @yang_karl : all scott pelley did by being disrespectful was make it easier to make up my mind who to vote for and that will be trump."
thank you new hampshire!
thank you, new hampshire!
such great support in new hampshire. so many people are working so hard to  !
isn’t it interesting that the tragedy in paris took place in one of the toughest gun control countries in the world?
new hampshire vote today - make america great again!
the worst thing hillary could do is have her husband campaign for her. just watch.
“think of yourself as a one-man army. you’re not only the commander in chief, you’re the soldier as well.” – think like a billionaire
if you're going to be thinking, you may as well think big.
"go as far as you can see; when you get there, you'll be able to see farther." -- . morgan
“go as far as you can see; when you get there, you'll be able to see farther.” -- j. p. morgan
if you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing, you're right. -- henry ford
"the biggest doers often suffer the biggest setbacks in life...
my heart goes out to the people of boston on this terrible day!
my heart & prayers go out to all of the victims of the terrible  tragedy. this madness must be stopped, and i will stop it.
thank you to everyone for the wonderful reviews of my speech on thursday night. from the heart!
" @alex_lestari : "the best investment i made, is the one i didn't make" (donald trump)  " can be very true!
"what lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us." --ralph waldo emerson
after tearing w bush down for 12 years, now the media loves him. why not? he gave them obama.
jeb bush and ted cruz are not electable presidential candidates, hillary would destroy them. ted may not be eligible to run - born in canada
wow, the highly respected governor of iowa just stated that "ted cruz must be defeated." big shoker! people do not like ted.
thank you, north carolina!
thank you north carolina!
going to north carolina to make keynote speech - sold out crowd!
thank you wilmington, north carolina!
leaving for north carolina. big crowd, will be fun!
just arrived in new hampshire. thank you to all of my supporters!
thank you texas! 10,000 amazing supporters!
the republicans better be careful. obama is out to destroy them!
after being ripped off for years, obama finally figured out that china is taking advantage of us. he's finally listening to me.
no matter how far down a path you go, if it's the wrong path, turn around and go back home - before it is too late.
do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. --ralph waldo emerson
"do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail." ralph waldo emerson
thanks everybody for the happy birthday greetings, but it’s actually the 10th birthday of the apprentice. my birthday is june 14th....
@tiffanyatrump happy birthday to my baby - and keep up the great work at school. we are all proud of you!
. @ewanshearer happy birthday
@scottlara1961 have a happy birthday.
happy birthday @ivankatrump ! you are an amazing daughter!
great visit to detroit church, fantastic reception, and all @cnn talks about is a small protest outside. inside a large and wonderful crowd!
great reception in . at the values voter summit. now checking on my job at the old post office...
great job on @cnn tonight @heytana . we are all proud of you! also, congrats on a great son - he is going places.
. @genesimmons keep up the great work and congrats - we are proud of you!
watch my wife melania trump tonight on @qvc at 1 . so proud of her!
what team would you choose to win?
be passionate--you have to love what you're doing to be successful at it.
great job @adamscott - you deserve it!
. @andre_reed83 . congratulations andre, you deserve it!
“if you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough.” - albert einstein
"you have to love what you do or you are never going to be successful no matter what you do in life.” - think big
"you have to love what you do or you are never going to be successful no matter what you do in life." - think big
"if you love what you do, you are going to work harder, you are going to try harder and you will be better at it." - think big
if you are interested in balancing work and pleasure, you will never succeed!
“you have to keep going and moving forward, no matter what is happening around you or to you.” – think like a champion
mike & mike in one minute!
" @masterbaxter8 : i want to see a man that's not a career politician in office. america forgot what a great leader can do!  "
look forward to governor mike pence . introduction tomorrow in new york city.
crooked hillary clinton made up facts about me, and "forgot" to mention the many problems of our country, in her very average scream!
on mike and mike, @espn in two minutes!
thank you for your support!
thank you ohio - see you tonight!
" @ijnipgm : no casualties. just victory, victory, and more victory as you proclaim the truth that is in your heart. we love god and usa"
thank you for all of your support! let's  !
& together we will  ! thank you for your support!
we are now at a time, perhaps more than ever before, when the world needs great leadership!
... ...do your research before donating this holiday season!
if you're going to be thinking, you may as well think big.
thank you @oreillyfactor for your wonderful editorial as to why i should have been @time magazine's person of the year. you should run time!
“if you don't have time to do it right, when will you have time to do it over?” - john wooden
today we honor the fallen at  , 74 years ago today. if you see a vet today, thank them!
i hate to say it, but the republican convention was far more interesting (with a much more beautiful set) than the democratic convention!
on my way to iowa. will be landing in des moines in two hours. see ya!
thank you des moines, iowa! governor @mike_pence and i appreciate your support!
a great evening in iowa! thank you des moines area community college for a great forum!
new cnn iowa poll -- 33, cruz 20. everyone else way down! don't trust des moines register poll- biased towards trump!
the ultra liberal and seriously failing des moines register is begging my team for press credentials to my event in iowa today-but they lie!
head of air force's anti-sexual assault unit arrested for sexual assault! it just seems that our country is not what it used to be.
will be on @foxandfriends now.
@stockmarket100 it might but there'd be "hell to pay!"
make sure to follow me on @periscopeco
ivanka is now on twitter - you can follow her @ivankatrump - have a terrific weekend!
entrepreneurs: when negotiating, don't be an open book. know that the only person on your side might be yourself.
a really bad night for president obama. now the republicans have to get together and get the job done!
thank you for your support last night, iowa!
it’s amazing how people can talk about me but i’m not allowed to talk about them.
unbelievable support in florida last night - thank you!
"i have so much admiration and respect for the 2.4 million men and women of our armed forces."
. @nbc did a great job last night with the @goldenglobes !
crooked hillary clinton is totally unfit to be our president-really bad judgement and a temperament, according to new book, which is a mess!
crooked hillary clinton is unfit to serve as president of the . her temperament is weak and her opponents are strong. bad judgement!
great that pres. o is seeing @mittromney today—lots of good things can happen.
“when you expect things to happen - strangely enough - they do happen.” - j. p. morgan
washington (.) is such a mess - nothing works! i will make america great again! it's not going to happen with anyone else.
"sometimes the best thing you can do is just let things ride, let time go by." donald j. trump
in hillary clinton's america - things get worse.
see problems as a mind exercise. enjoy the challenge---and remember to keep focused on your goals.
focus on your goals, not your problems. and remember--problems are a mind exercise--so enjoy the challenge.
remember the old saying "the more you learn, the more you realize you don't know" -- it's true. learning is a daily challenge.
our economy cannot stay competitive with policies like these: @barackobama is proposing over $90 billion in new regulations.
a clinton economy = more taxes and more spending!
live from new york- november 7th! @nbcsnl
thank you new york! i love you!
thank you- new york! i love you!
the great boxing promoter, don king, just endorsed me. nice!
@chef_riggy i never endorsed judd - i'm with senator mitch all the way!
obama just endorsed crooked hillary. he wants four more years of obama—but nobody else does!
" @foxnews : . @jamesrosenfnc : "never before has a president endorsed someone under investigation by @thejusticedept ."
i endorsed a book on obamacare & it just went to  on the new york times bestseller list!
@barackobama inherited $10.6 trillion in national debt---will leave after his first term with the debt at over $17.6 trillion.
national debt january 2009 = $10.6 trillion august 2016 = $19.4 trillion
@barackobama has already added $5 trillion to the national debt in less than 3 years. we must defeat him in 2012.
" @mikerotondo86 only trump can bring us back from 20 trillion in debt... he's the only one with the experience and skill set to do so."
congratulations to @barackobama --he is the first potus to run trillion dollar deficits in all four years of his term!
thank you new hampshire!
thank you, new hampshire!
see you soon arizona!
thank you arizona! see you soon!
thank you iowa! great night---see you soon!
dishonest media is trying their absolute best to depict a star in a tweet as the star of david rather than a sheriff's star, or plain star!
country music star @traceadkins returns to all-star @celebapprentice . competing for @redcross , trace is great!
@ialia great! just won five-star ratings for hotel and restaurant from forbes travel guide.
all-star celebrity @apprenticenbc is down to the five final contestants. getting fired now is when it really hurts!
sorry, there is no star on the stage tonight!
going to ohio, home of one of the worst presidential candidates in history--kasich. can't debate, loves  --dummy!
numerous polls have me beating hillary clinton. in a race with her, voter turnout will be the highest in . history-i get most new voters!
mitt romney, who was one of the dumbest and worst candidates in the history of republican politics, is now pushing me on tax returns. dope!
. @barbarajwalters @theviewtv --why did you choose me as one of the 10 most fascinating people of the year last season (and more than once?)
is that all there is? we need a new president - fast!
@thetinabeast is claiming that she decided to leave the @thedailybeast . sure, just like every other magazine that fired her.
wow, just heard that that next tuesday’s @saintanselm politics & eggs is the largest crowd ever. looking forward to making new friends.
i knew joe paterno. when he heard what he heard, it just wasn't in his world--a different planet!
" @nodakgus : this country is in dire need of a leader who is not beholden to special interest groups or to anyone - you are that leader!"
crooked hillary, who embarrassed herself and the country with her e-mail lies, has been a disaster on foreign policy. look what's happening!
our foreign policy decisions are dumbest in . history
selfies- yes or no?
on @fallontonight with @jimmyfallon at 11:30 pm. enjoy!
will be on @fallontonight with @jimmyfallon on @nbc at 11:35pme. enjoy!
the new line of trump ties, shirts and cufflinks are out at macy's and are really beautiful at a really e. go check them out!
people are loving the new line of trump ties and shirts at macy's. check them out!
people are really liking my new book, "crippled america." check it out!
@floydmayweather the judge who called the fight a draw should be thrown out of boxing-it wasn't even close. she is incompetent (or worse)
with hillary and obama, the terrorist attacks will only get worse. politically correct fools, won't even call it what it is - radical islam!
. @vanityfair magazine is doing really poorly. it has gotten worse and worse over the years, and has lost almost all of it's former allure!
the reporting at the failing @nytimes gets worse and worse by the day. fortunately, it is a dying newspaper.
al sharpton said they are "even making it more harder to register people to vote". which is worse, his grammar or his thoughts?
lightweight . eric schneiderman asked us for political contributions during his investigation of us,then sued for $40 y guy!
@blackfridaymgt you can't even spell businessman. i use the b laws like buffett, kravis, icahn, zell etc. you dope-and learn how to spell.
veterans, please call 855- vets- 352 or email address veterans@ to share your stories about the need to reform the va.
lyin' crooked hillary's email stories all have one thing in common.
i will be meeting with the nra, who has endorsed me, about not allowing people on the terrorist watch list, or the no fly list, to buy guns.
you have until 8pm to  , delaware!
thank you connecticut, delaware, maryland, pennsylvania, and rhode island!
obama did much better than he did last time--but still lost decisively.
great, everyone is saying i did much better on @60minutes last week than president obama did tonight. i agree!
dopeysugar @lord_sugar —why did you close down your site over the weekend? did someone tell you to do it?
get ready for tonight!
" @jeniferstevens : someone needs to start ramping up the dialogue about all this.... i nominate you and would vote for you in a hearbeat"
the economy is bad and getting worse-almost zero growth this quarter. nobody can beat me on the economy (and jobs). make america great again
" @bombasticsigma : can you just announce already that you're running for president so i can campaign for you.
if you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing, you're right. -- henry ford
whether you think you can or think you can't---you are right. -- henry ford
whether you think you can or think you can't, you're right. -- henry ford
"whether you think you can or think you can't--you're right." henry ford
let's not start celebrating over libya until we see who takes over.
black lives matter protesters totally disrupt hillary clinton event. she looked lost. this is not what we need with isis, china, russia etc.
sanders said only black lives matter - wow! hillary did not answer question!
this is a movement!
we need much tougher, much smarter leadership - and we need it now!
do you think i made the right decision?
obama is in texas but will not be visiting the border. he is too busy fundraising!
" @ijnipgm : no casualties. just victory, victory, and more victory as you proclaim the truth that is in your heart. we love god and usa"
on @fallontonight with @jimmyfallon at 11:30 pm. enjoy!
will be on @fallontonight with @jimmyfallon on @nbc at 11:35pme. enjoy!
will be joining @jimmyfallon on @fallontonight at 11:35pme tonight. enjoy!
don't forget to watch the tonight show with the wonderful @jimmyfallon at 11:30 . you will not be disappointed! @nbc
i will be on the tonight show with jimmy fallon tonight at 11:30. should be fun! @jimmyfallon
"you have to love what you do or you are never going to be successful no matter what you do in life." - think big
"you have to love what you do or you are never going to be successful no matter what you do in life.” - think big
“you have to keep going and moving forward, no matter what is happening around you or to you.” – think like a champion
"if you love what you do, you are going to work harder, you are going to try harder and you will be better at it." - think big
@anthonynotweet make sure you are doing what you love to do. you need passion to keep you going.
great win last night for the @yankees in baltimore.
. @cbsnews poll - wow! new hampshire trump 38% carson 12% bush 8% south carolina trump 40% carson 23% cruz 8% iowa trump 27% carson 27%
" @drudge_report : reuters 5-day rolling poll: trump 34%, carson 19.6%, rubio 9.7%, cruz 7.7%..." thank you - a great honor!
thank you michigan!  trump 35% kasich 17% cruz 12% rubio 12% carson 9% via: arg
" @markhalperin : my debate report card: christie a-, trump a-, bush b+, kasich b+, cruz b, carson c, rubio d. full report cards here.
many people voted for cruz over carson because of this cruz fraud. also, cruz sent out a voter violation certificate to thousands of voters.
tell iran to let our christian pastor go--and i mean right now. if they don't, there will be hell to pay.
thank you west virginia. let's keep it going. go out and vote on tuesday - we will win big.
"even if you're on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there." --will rogers
going on letterman now - let me know what you think - how did i do? here we go!
"sometimes the best thing you can do is just let things ride, let time go by." donald j. trump
if hillary thinks she can unleash her husband, with his terrible record of women abuse, while playing the women's card on me, she's wrong!
" @thtswhtkelsaid : i'm fed up w/ dc playing 3 card monty w/ our tax $'s. it's time we the people play the trump card, & take back our country
"@ray_chipendo: we are able to do certain things only because we do not know they are impossible. donald trump"
"you have to love what you do or you are never going to be successful no matter what you do in life.” - think big
"you have to love what you do or you are never going to be successful no matter what you do in life." - think big
they're going to riot in ferguson no matter what.
re: immigration. do the republicans not realize that dems will get 100% of 11 million votes no matter what they do?
" @jcartmell_2011 : i honestly think he needs to run for president. i'd vote for him in a heart beat. man's a genius!!" thank you!
" @skpip : donald, you have given me some hope for this country. maybe someone will help those of us on disability find a job we want to work"
who do you like - hate so far?
why do so many people say i hate president obama—i don’t hate the president at all. i just disagree with his policies!
looks like @bwilliams is having some problems with his rock center with brian williams show--i hate to see such bad ratings for @nbc .
young entrepreneurs – in an economic climate like this only the strong survive. you can do it. think big!
republicans and democrats have both created our economic problems.
we, as a country, either have borders or we don't. if we don't have borders, we don't have a country!
economic growth can save social security, medicare and america.
president obama missed the deadline!
the today show should call me about who to put on the show— i know more about people who get ratings than anyone.
if you're passionate about your work, you will never give up.
i am more concerned about biden in the debate than i am about obama. be careful on thursday night!
. @univision cares far more about mexico than it does about the . are they controlled by the mexican government?
forty -six million americans---more than at any time ever in the history of this country--now live under the poverty line.
"failed show @dannyzuker " season 1 of @apprenticenbc had 28 million viewers and 41.5 million watching.....
economic growth can save social security, medicare and america.
"i am going to save social security without any cuts. i know where to get the money from. nobody else does." - my @srqrepublicans speech
" @babyfuzz1969 : declare your candidacy! right time, right age, right mind w/common sense, right leadership    "
entrepreneurs: set the example and you'll be a magnet for the right people. great leaders determine the teams they assemble.
self-determination is the sacred right of all free people's, and the people of the uk have exercised that right for all the world to see.
whether you think you can or think you can't---you are right. -- henry ford
i will make this right for our great vets!
i took some heat a long time ago when i said that george zimmerman was a sicko and bad news. i know people and this guy is no good-trouble!
" @lee_nall : why not take on the greatest challenge donald trump has ever faced, making this country great again, now that's a legacy!!"
@partylikerlove1 a long time ago, thanks.
obama was beaten but not knocked out. he lives to fight another day. but in the real world presidents are not given a second chance...
it's not whether you get knocked down, it's whether you get up. -- vince lombardi
i told you that the giants starting hudson was a mistake. just got knocked out of the game. i love being right!
obamacare will destroy small business--the backbone of america's economy.
@coco471031 you really sound like a loser no-name!
. @evaemery thanks--you sound great!
" @indybuffalojim : all fact, but of course haters never check the data, your business decisions are sound & you have the success 2 prove it"
@statereform @macys you sound great!
cover your bases--know everything you can about what you're doing. keep your focus by being well informed on a daily basis.
today will be a big day @team_mitch for you in many ways. the country is lucky.
“be ready for problems-you’ll have them every day. keep your focus and be as big as your daily challenges.” – trump never give up
@jkells2005 know everything you can (update daily) & cover your bases.
. @barackobama claims to have policies for working people...
we have to make america great again!
in business, you make decisions that are in your best interests. time for the us gov't to do the same. let’s make america great again!
"@kencee11: we need you to run for potus. we need a real american, one with the same values that built this country.. go trump 2016 !"
" @burge : donaldtrump needs to run america like a business. do the dirty work that we don't need to hear about. make this country right again
thank you! we will make america great again!
remember, china is not a friend of the united states!
the united states must immediately institute strong travel restrictions or ebola will be all over the united states-a plague like no other!
our next vice president of the united states of america, gov. @mike_pence !
the united states needs to fix its own problems, of which there are many, first!
don't worry, the united states will be great again!
court finds in favor of trump university
when employees are working at home they can never have the same cohesivness as working together as a group...
departing now - thank you cedar rapids, iowa. this is a movement!
it was announced this morning that unemployment rose--this can't be good for obama.
i will be doing @foxandfriends this morning at 8 (not 7).
i will be interviewed on this week with george s this morning. enjoy!
i am interviewed on this week on @abc this morning. enjoy!
thank you des moines, iowa! governor @mike_pence and i appreciate your support!
on my way to iowa. will be landing in des moines in two hours. see ya!
a great evening in iowa! thank you des moines area community college for a great forum!
new cnn iowa poll -- 33, cruz 20. everyone else way down! don't trust des moines register poll- biased towards trump!
the ultra liberal and seriously failing des moines register is begging my team for press credentials to my event in iowa today-but they lie!
tweet me your questions to answer.
getting ready to answer your questions.
please tweet me your questions to answer in my  .
many people have been asking me to answer questions. you can ask me questions at any time.
in answer to your questions about my favorite impersonator, the answer is darrell hammond.
"just be tough, be strong, be willing to learn – and you will learn. don’t be afraid of mistakes or setbacks." think like a champion
we need a president with strength, stamina, heart and incredible deal making skill if our country is ever going to be able to prosper again!
only very stupid people think that the united states is making good trade deals with co is killing us at the border and at trade!
another four years--not good for the country but we'll have to live with it!
go out and vote--- this will be the most important election of our time!
michael morell, the lightweight former acting director of ., and a man who has made serious bad calls, is a total clinton flunky!
watch face the nation - will be on now!
our nation is a once great nation divided!
the obama administration has a very important duty to provide a budget - and then negotiate! our country is a laughingstock!
...trump, however, would kick his ass!
hopefully the republican party can come together and have a big win in november, paving the way for many great supreme court justices!
my list of potential . supreme court justices was very well recieved. during the next number of weeks i may be adding to the list!
big time in . today - make america great again! politicians are all talk and no action - they can never bring us back.
is the boston killer eligible for obama care to bring him back to health?
we have a sacred duty to care for our vets and their families. veterans deserve universal access to care anywhere and anytime!
another four years--not good for the country but we'll have to live with it!
the delegates at the @dnc convention keep shouting "four more years." four more years of 18% real unemployment and another $6t in debt?
do you believe this singing?
thank you for your support!
" @backontrackusa : @seanhannity you are looking & sounding more presidential everyday. the country is ready for you to
thank you for all of your support! let's  !
& together we will  ! thank you for your support!
thank you @donaldjtrumpjr . proud of you!
no-one has done more for people with disabilities than me. i have spent many millions of dollars to help out-and am happy to have done so!
the iran nuclear deal is a terrible one for the united states and the world. it does nothing but make iran rich and will lead to catastrophe
we have all the cards. now is the time to make a great deal with iran.
congress must stop obama’s reckless deal with iran. the framework is a pathway for iran to develop nukes.
iran has never had a better friend than obama.
obama’s offer to iran will not stop iran’s breakout capability. it is a bad, desperate deal negotiated from weakness. pass sanctions!
@mittromney can get people back to work.
we have got to take our country back. it's time!
just got back from iowa, great people!
just got to listen to rush limbaugh - the guy is fantastic!
hillary said with respect to isis, "we are finally where we need to be." do we want 4 more years of incompetent leadership? maga!
" @retrogirl01 he sure has my vote! it's time we get someone in there that has a brain! a business mind to clean this mess up! thank you!
remember to keep going--if you stop, your momentum will stop.
“remember to keep going: if you stop, your momentum will stop.” – think big
if obama is concerned about the border, he should stop vacationing. gov't will save millions which it can use to stop illegal migration.
haters, stop saying i went bankrupt, it is not so. i never went bankrupt...
just as i predicted, @barackobama has not allowed an independent investigation into the national security leaks from his cabinet.
@aclutter51 we need someone!
" @cassiewellkid : i think donald trump should run for president" thank you, we sure do need someone - and fast!
"@kencee11: we need you to run for potus. we need a real american, one with the same values that built this country.. go trump 2016 !"
we need a president who isn't a laughing stock to the entire world. we need a truly great leader, a genius at strategy and winning. respect!
" @deanpreston76 : time for you to tell @barackobama 'you're fired!'.  we need someone who loves america in office!"
... will happen when you go against the tide; when you take a risk and it works." - think big
"go as far as you can see; when you get there, you'll be able to see farther." -- . morgan
“go as far as you can see; when you get there, you'll be able to see farther.” -- j. p. morgan
no, i wasn't at the @yankees game yesterday- can't go today either. when i go, they win.
"think big, set your vision high, and go for it. you'll be shocked by what you can accomplish when you do. " - midas touch
i would absolutely kill jon stewart(?) in a debate - it would be no contest - he's not fast enough or smart enough (only obnoxious enough!).
. @rushlimbaugh is right—the republicans lost because they weren’t conservative enough—or tough enough.
@maxvayner your man, little jon s(?) can't win, he's not smart enough or quick enough!
the gop primary schedule is a disaster. not enough time.
i've had enough of this - good night!
the @gop primary voter spoke last night in va-7 & @davebratva7th won going away. now the party must stand behind him! unity unity unity!
there is great unity in my campaign, perhaps greater than ever before. i want to thank everyone for your tremendous support. beat crooked h!
one of the best produced, including the incredible stage & set, in the history of conventions. great unity! big . ratings! @karlrove
congratulations to @israelipm @netanyahu on forming his new unity government. a major political success for the jewish state of israel.
hopefully the violence & unrest in charlotte will come to an immediate end. to those injured, get well soon. we need unity & leadership.
snowden, if you’re such a hero then come back home and face justice. in reality, you are just another wiseguy traitor.
“any political leader who won’t face the future head on is putting the american dream at risk.” – the america we deserve
sanders says he wants to run against me because he doesn't want to run against me. he would be so easy to beat!
" @richrobins0n i love trump because he actually says what’s on his mind, not what the people want to hear. that’s why he’s a leader" thanks
obama talks about what he is going to do--why the hell didn't he just do it, especially in the first 2 years when he had all votes necessary
obama:“i will destroy isis” = obama: “if you like your healthcare plan, you can keep your plan.”
" @njunger_19 : has all he could ever want. if he runs for pres, then it it because he loves our country and wants to make it strong again."
this is the best deal the republicans could get?
" @greggscharin : we need you to push the issues that this country is facing, no one else will lay it on the line like you will!  "
our country is facing a major threat from radical islamic terrorism. we better get very smart, and very tough, fast, before it is too late!
republicans and @mittromney must get tough very soon.
this is a terrible deal for the country and an embarrassment for republicans!
becoming a us citizen is not a right, it’s a privilege.
how did snowden, with not even a high school education, get access to top secret . records. he then gave, or sold, those records-traitor!
"sooner or later, those who win are those who think they can." --paul tournier
common core is a federal takeover of school curriculum. department of education should be disbanded not expanded. focus on local education.
i will be making a speech at 12:00 in fort worth, texas. really big crowd expected. will be talking about the debate last night-plus, plus!
like it or not, haters and losers, everybody is talking about miss . and miss utah. by the way she is a fine young woman-unfair to her.
many people walked out on madonna's concert when she told them to vote for obama. years ago i walked out because the concert was terrible!
over 2 million people have lost their jobs since @barackobama became potus. how many of them still have healthcare?
i still can’t get over how the republicans—my friends—spent hundreds of millions of dollars on such terrible & ineffective ads.
trump will make america great!!!!
make america great again!
new q poll out- we are going to win the whole deal- and make america great again!
we have to make america great again!
make america great again! make america safe again!
we are one nation. when one hurts, we all hurt. we must all work together-to lift each other up.
we are one nation. when one state hurts, we all hurt. we must all work together - to lift each other up.
why is @randpaul allowed to take advantage of the people of kentucky by running for senator and pres. why should kentucky be back up plan?
" @scottfconroy : kentucky derby? more like kentucky losers! donaldtrump is only horse in race that matters for america! strong, fierce, noble
to the people of kentucky, rand paul didn't want you. now he runs back due to his presidential failure.
obama care is already having a devastating impact on our economy.
great day in kentucky with wayne lapierre, chris cox & the @nra !
remember the huge amount of money raised by @johnrich and company…
me, by a lot!
@originalkillaki it's very good, you can learn a lot.
" @woodrowwinters you have 3 very capable kids that can run the company for you this country needs you badly." thx
i started my business with very little and built it into a great company, with some of the best real estate assets in the world. amazing!
@phil_grech your not free, you'll never be free. you'll be back (if you ever left) because you can't help yourself!
@arsenioofficial we love you and are proud of you. your new show will be a smash!
four more years of weakness with a crooked hillary administration is not acceptable. look what has happened to the world with o & hillary!
"@caleb2207: you should get a show on foxnews! with your brilliant & independent mind i think your show would surpass the @oreillyfactor "
i will stand with police and protect all americans!
make sure to vote today. vote for real change. change that will deliver jobs and a free & strong america. vote for @mittromney .
gary johnson is asking people "to waste" their vote on him. make it count - vote for @mittromney .
don't worry, the united states will be great again!
the united states needs great deals - and fast. we have to make our country rich again in order to make our country great again!
the iran nuclear deal is a terrible one for the united states and the world. it does nothing but make iran rich and will lead to catastrophe
the united states must immediately institute strong travel restrictions or ebola will be all over the united states-a plague like no other!
we are going to make our country so strong again, so great again. no more ripping off the united states. we will make america great again!
" @wheresjose : had the pleasure to perform for p tonite & told him the world is a better place because of his contributions great job!
our incompetent secretary of state, hillary clinton, was the one who started talks to give 400 million dollars, in cash, to iran. scandal!
hillary clinton surged the trade deficit with china 40% as secretary of state, costing americans millions of jobs.
isis gained tremendous strength during hillary clinton's term as secretary of state. when will the dishonest media report the facts!
i'll be doing fox and friends this morning at seven.
the  women totally blow away the victoria’s secret women!
go out and vote--- this will be the most important election of our time!
we pay a disproportionate share of the cost of . why? it is time to renegotiate, and the time is now!
the media is so after me on women wow, this is a tough business. nobody has more respect for women than donald trump!
justice ginsburg of the . supreme court has embarrassed all by making very dumb political statements about me. her mind is shot - resign!
is supreme court justice ruth bader ginsburg going to apologize to me for her misconduct? big mistake by an incompetent judge!
please tell me what is going on with the republicans?
once again the bush appointed supreme court justice john roberts has let us down. jeb pushed him hard! remember!
the totally unexpected loss of supreme court justice antonin scalia is a massive setback for the conservative movement and our country!
“most of the time you will need to work hard and stay focused to get to the top – and then work even harder to stay there.” -think big
. @gop need to face reality – not one of the illegal immigrants granted amnesty will vote republican.
@tseay18 find work that you love--you have to be passionate about it to succeed. then focus and never give up!
snowden, if you’re such a hero then come back home and face justice. in reality, you are just another wiseguy traitor.
@alyssamenasci you have to have passion for your work. that's crucial. then focus on it and don't give up.
president obama will go down as perhaps the worst president in the history of the united states!
" @sintianiej :donaldtrump @intheelections @southheastt oh yes the next president of the united states .my president donald trump . in 2016 ."
remember, china is not a friend of the united states!
don't worry, the united states will be great again!
happy birthday - to the united states air force!!
marco rubio is being crucified by the media for drinking water during speech!
entrepreneurs: have your own vision and stick with it. don’t be afraid to be unique. don’t tread water--get out there and go for it.
“most people think small because most people are afraid of success, afraid of making decisions, afraid of winning” the art of the deal
most people think small, because most people are afraid of success, afraid of making decisions, afraid of winning. the art of the deal
mitt's proposed tax cuts for the middle class will spur record economic growth.
no cuts to welfare, no cuts to food stamps & not a single cut to obamacare, yet the new budget cuts military benefits. sad!
to the geniuses at 'americans united for change': the more you tax me the less people i employ. get it?
you know what is the worst part of @barackobama 's tuesday speech playing class warfare--we paid for it with our tax dollars.
we have to bring back and cherish the middle class - once the backbone and true strength of the . it can happen!
the documentary of me that @cnn just aired is a total waste of time. i don't even know many of the people who spoke about me. a joke!
again, immigration reform is fine—but don’t rush to give away our country. that’s what’s happening!
immigration reform is fine—but don’t rush to give away our country! sounds like that’s what’s happening.
my message, make america great again, is beginning to take hold. bring back our jobs, strengthen our military and borders, help our vets!
i will bring our jobs back to the ., and keep our companies from leaving. nobody else can do it. our economy will "sing" again.
republicans must be careful with immigration—don’t give our country away.
" @vylvisaker : @anncoulter trump has stamina, he is working harder than any other candidate. he really loves america . he deserves to win."
we should cut off all aid to every country that does not respect our border. why are we giving them money in the first place?
when i intelligently turned down the club for growth crazy request for $1,000,000, they got  a waste of money that would have been
" @123jayne : that's our president! that's why we need you to run in 2016! i know you would never waste our money! president trump"
if we could force russia, china and other competitors to use obamacare, we would be able to instantly destroy their great economic success!
why doesn't president obama just get the people from google to fix the failed website. in fact, why didn't he use them in the first place!
wall street paid for ad is a fraud, just like crooked hillary! their main line had nothing to do with women, and they knew it. apologize?
" @joshuaalthina :i have a dream that one day i'll be able to tell my children the story of you taking office & fixing this country
friday is the last day to enter the counting sheep for hire contest. click here  and you could win a trip
it is fatal to enter any war without the will to win it. - douglas macarthur
instinct has a lot to do with timing. you have to be patient & wait for your instincts to tell you the best time to make your move.
i always enjoy watching young entrepreneurs enter the business world. i can tell who reads my books and who doesn’t.
"the system is rigged!"
this is such a special time to be in new york city. no better city in the world to celebrate christmas!
new york state's lightweight . is driving business & jobs out of . look into his past-he shouldn't even be allowed to hold office!
how do you like the boardroom so far?
only those who will risk going too far can possibly find out how far one can go. -- t. s. eliot
how do you like seth and oscars so far?
what do you think so far?
"you can have the best product in the world, but if people don't know about it, it's not going to be worth much." - the art of the deal
"you can have the best product in the world, but if people don't know about it, it's not going to be worth much." the art of the deal
i'm in scotland to open what we hope to be the greatest golf course in the world--- it's amazing.
what a series the @nyrangers @nhldevils is turning out to be! tonight's game should be another close one.
the obamacare website is in the news again - it is turning out to cost even more than previously thought, and it doesn't work! big trouble!
i'm not hearing much from obama or his administration about my $5m offer to charity or to which charity the money will go.
i'm not hearing much from obama or his administration about my $5m offer to charity-- or to which charity the money will go.
thank you- new york! i love you!
thank you new york! i love you!
live from new york- november 7th! @nbcsnl
thank you new york, and pennsylvania!
thank you new york, i will never forget!
looking forward to the debate tonight and will be tweeting live with very honest assessment.
“if you like your plan you keep it.” = “gruber is just some adviser.” two of obama’s greatest lies told to the american public.
entrepreneurs: everything starts with you. leadership is not a group effort--if you're in charge, then be in charge.
thank you to all of the men and women who have served our country. you are our true heroes!
this is amateur night - who the hell is in charge of this production?
remember our brave men & women who have fallen protecting our country this memorial day!
"i have so much admiration and respect for the 2.4 million men and women of our armed forces."
so, a woman in chicago, who never had a job, has 9 kids with 7 different men (she is one of many). these kids will never work. trouble!
hillary's vision is a borderless world where working people have no power, no jobs, no safety.
yesterday @barackobama actually spent a full day in washington. he didn't campaign, fund raise or play golf. shocking.
remember, china is not a friend of the united states!
whether you like it or not, bush also gave us obama!
president obama will go down as perhaps the worst president in the history of the united states!
the world as we know it is falling apart. much of the blame can be attributed to the fact that the united states is no longer respected!
"@sluthoee: i know for a fact you would do a hell lot of a better job if you were the president of the united states instead of obama!" true
the greatest commodity to own is land. it is finite. god is not making any more of it.
we will only be the land of the free as long as we are home of the brave!
“the worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it.” - the art of the deal
“the worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it.” – the art of the deal.
if ted cruz is so opposed to gay marriage, why did he accept money from people who espouse gay marriage?
@sinnerofa10shun work hard and love what you do!
. @brandonhardest love what you do and work hard.
"if you love what you do, you are going to work harder, you are going to try harder and you will be better at it." - think big
"you have to love what you do or you are never going to be successful no matter what you do in life.” - think big
"you have to love what you do or you are never going to be successful no matter what you do in life." - think big
in order to preserve my options and guarantee that @barackobama is defeated, i changed my voter registration to independent.
the voter violation certificate gave poor marks to the unsuspecting voter(grade of f) and told them to clear it up by voting for cruz. fraud
we can create jobs in the american economy by protecting our own manufacturing sector.
"sadly, when it comes to using the energy industry to create american jobs, obama has been a total disaster."
@swanrose2013 i create jobs!
the keystone pipeline will create 20,000 jobs and make us less energy dependent from the middle east. @barackobama says no!
will the keystone xl pipeline finally be approved? will create over 100,000 jobs and make us more energy independent.
obama talks about what he is going to do--why the hell didn't he just do it, especially in the first 2 years when he had all votes necessary
why is @mittromney the only guy who talks about getting tough with china and their currency manipulation?
looking forward to seeing joe mcquaid, curtis barry and my many friends in the granite state!
in less than 30 minutes- watch the season premiere of @apprenticenbc on nbc.
. @foxandfriends in 5 minutes.
"@rivalofelmblock: @tmz mark cuban is a nut. way less powerful than donald trump" i agree - also, in many ways, a total loser!
more poll results from last nights commander-in-chief forum.
i will be on fox & friends @foxandfriends at 7.00 . (30 minutes). enjoy!
congratulations to @stephenathome - i will see you on the show!
“always remember: dress for the job you want, not the job you have.” – think like a billionaire
remember to think big by expanding your horizons at the same time you're expanding your net worth.
remember to think big by expanding your horizons at the same time you’re expanding your net worth.
entrepreneurs: remember to think big by expanding your horizons at the same time you're expanding your net worth.
oregon is voting today. keep the big numbers going - vote trump! make america great again!
why are some more concerned with granting terrorist rights than protecting innocent americans?
when written in chinese, the word 'crisis' is composed of two characters. one represents danger and the other represents opportunity." jfk
hillary will never reform wall street. she is owned by wall street!
the new congress must restore military spending & stop obama budget cuts. also, hold obama accountable on the va.
congress must pass a budget and hold obama to it. no more continuing resolutions and no more excuses. republicans soon hold both houses.
when will the democrats, and hillary in particular, say "we must build a wall, a great wall, and mexico is going to pay for it?" never!
today’s assignment: read chapter three of think big “basic instincts.” focus on my acquisition of 40 wall street.
the more you know, the more you realize how much you don't know. how can you possibly discover anything if you already know everything?
i don't know how much longer i can take this bullshit - so terrible!
look how bad it is getting! how much more crime, how many more shootings, will it take for african-americans and latinos to vote trump=safe!
a-rod should donate his contract to charity. he doesn't make the @yankees any money and he doesn't perform. he is a $30m/yr rip off.
. @jebbush today said he didn't want to be the front-runner, he would rather be where he is now, 2%. that is the talk of a loser, can't win!
entrepreneurs: have your own vision and stick with it. don’t be afraid to be unique. don’t tread water--get out there and go for it.
have your own vision & stick with it. don't be afraid to be y day is an opportunity to show what you can do at the highest level.
“good communicators control space.” – roger ailes, ‘you are the message,’ @foxnews
... in order to occupy space in a truly ugly office building in a much worse location!
the mayor of baltimore said she wanted to give the rioters "space to destroy" - another real genius!
i will be interviewed on the @todayshow at 7:00 . talking about the state of the race for president, and more. enjoy!
on @fallontonight with @jimmyfallon at 11:30 pm. enjoy!
will be interviewed on @foxandfriends now!
sadly, because president obama has done such a poor job as president, you won't see another black president for generations!
i will be interviewed on @cnn at 7:00 .
will be interviewed on the @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00 . will be talking about the debate, and more!
poll numbers way up - making big progress!
" @mearnest33 agree that you as pres would be a great change but i don't think this country can be turned around in 8 years" it can be done!
i am more concerned about biden in the debate than i am about obama. be careful on thursday night!
i'll be on @foxandfriends this morning at 7:00. so much to talk about!
congratulations to tom brady on yet another great victory- tom is my friend and a total winner!
i am on @foxandfriends now! tune in!
to tom brady @patriots and gisele--best wishes on the birth of your daughter. tom is a great player and great friend.
today is  on @squawkcnbc , 7:30 am. tune in!
they had no definitive proof against tom brady or  . if hillary doesn't have to produce emails, why should tom? very unfair!
“think of yourself as a one-man army. you’re not only the commander in chief, you’re the soldier as well.” – think like a billionaire
if you're going to be thinking, you may as well think big.
"go as far as you can see; when you get there, you'll be able to see farther." -- . morgan
“go as far as you can see; when you get there, you'll be able to see farther.” -- j. p. morgan
if you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing, you're right. -- henry ford
our nation is a once great nation divided!
make america great again! make america safe again!
america needs a president who can negotiate better deals for the american people.
together, we will make america safe and great again!
thank you for your support! we will make america safe and great again!
our president could not make a proper website with $5b. the website still does not work. how can we feel safe about ebola?!
always good to have @arseniohall back as advisor as well as @donaldjtrumpjr . they have their own fan clubs at this point.
“be ready for problems-you’ll have them every day. keep your focus and be as big as your daily challenges.” – trump never give up
thank you idaho! i love your potatoes- nobody grows them better. as president, i will protect your market.
" @tvegan : donaldtrump your kicking everyone's ass! always believed in this country ! your going to make america great again ! mr president!
entrepreneurs: do your best to your utmost ability every day. make that your standard.
i am pleased to announce that i have chosen governor mike pence as my vice presidential running mate. news conference tomorrow at 11:00 .
" @therealtommydel trump for president! tom brady as running mate?"
mike & mike in one minute!
on mike and mike, @espn in two minutes!
gov mike pence has just stated that donald trump has taken a strong stance on hoosier jobs, and he thanks me! i will bring back jobs to usa.
we have got to take our country back. it's time!
@thulisakanzi have the arab league do it and pay for it.
"they succeed, because they think they can." -- virgil
“one reason many people do not do well in business is because they do not do well with people.” – midas touch
we pay for obama's travel so he can fundraise millions so democrats can run on lies. then we pay for his golf.
another four years--not good for the country but we'll have to live with it!
" @nicoleamarin : i can't wait to watch this season of  @donaldjtrumpjr i can't wait to watch @brandiglanville dominate!"
can't wait for tonight's debate--actually delayed my trip to europe so i can watch. this is going to be a great night.
housing prices are up in feb over last feb 9.3 per cent -remember, i told everyone two years ago to buy (but they will be going much higher)
“you have to have a good reason for doing what you’re doing because people connect with the why.” – midas touch
“you have to have a good reason for doing what you’re doing, because people connect with the why.” – midas touch
our nation is a once great nation divided!
hopefully the republican party can come together and have a big win in november, paving the way for many great supreme court justices!
entrepreneurs: be prepared and be tough. cover your bases! there are a lot of ups and downs, but you can ride them out if you're prepared.
face the nation's interview of me was the highest rated show that they have had in 15 years. congratulations and wow! @cbsnews @jdickerson
congratulations to @jdickerson of face the nation on his highest ratings in 15 years. 4.6 million people watched my interview! thank you!
"sadly, when it comes to using the energy industry to create american jobs, obama has been a total disaster."
will the keystone xl pipeline finally be approved? will create over 100,000 jobs and make us more energy independent.
i'll be going to the old post office building on pennsylvania avenue in . today. will create one of world's great hotels. lots of jobs!
the keystone pipeline will create 20,000 jobs and make us less energy dependent from the middle east. @barackobama says no!
" @alphainparis : @seanhannity donaldtrump is the 21st century ronald reagan. intelligent. bold. surrounded by good people. gets the job done.
the more i get to know @mittromney the more i like him. he has the judgment and private sector experience america needs in the white house.
" @mikerotondo86 only trump can bring us back from 20 trillion in debt... he's the only one with the experience and skill set to do so."
“think of yourself as a one-man army. you’re not only the commander in chief, you’re the soldier as well.” – think like a billionaire
"think of yourself like a one-man army. you're not only the commander in chief, you're the soldier as well." – think like a billionaire
@arsenioofficial not everybody has good trump judgment.
thank you oklahoma & virginia!
which team is your favorite?
he is a professional and true gentleman: @georgetakei is one of my favorite contestants from  .
i'll be in one of my favorite places this morning, staten island. big crowd, will be fun!
i will be interviewed on this week with george s this morning. enjoy!
i am interviewed on this week on @abc this morning. enjoy!
“being an entrepreneur is a big task. so what can you do to prepare? first and foremost, expand your focus.” - midas touch
“know from the inside out that you have the power to succeed and you will.” – think like a champion
“know from inside out that you have the power to succeed and you will. that’s taking control.” – think like a champion
" @pctech181 : for american prosperity, now and for our children's children, there is only one choice. donald trump for president 2016-24."
" @123jayne : that's our president! that's why we need you to run in 2016! i know you would never waste our money! president trump"
" @rodsandguitars : @danaperino just lied about donaldtrump - dana, trump did not say "all are criminals & rapists" ..
" @babyylissa : obama calls immigrants gang bangers&criminals but trump gets attacked for calling some illegals from some countries bad people
the only people who are not interested in being the . pick are the people who have not been asked!
" @codyraymille : i have never been interested in politics but because of you i want to get my political science degree.  " great!
"if you love what you do, you are going to work harder, you are going to try harder and you will be better at it." - think big
obama is totally “tweaking” the republicans because he doesn’t respect them—they’ve got to change their ways.
great job @adamscott - you deserve it!
@barackobama said yesterday that we have "gone soft." how can the world respect us when our own president doesn't?
" @sirmikeadams : why would trump run for president? he likes to be able to get things done, government doesn't. it can all change!
a-rod should donate his contract to charity. he doesn't make the @yankees any money and he doesn't perform. he is a $30m/yr rip off.
if hillary thinks she can unleash her husband, with his terrible record of women abuse, while playing the women's card on me, she's wrong!
" @thtswhtkelsaid : i'm fed up w/ dc playing 3 card monty w/ our tax $'s. it's time we the people play the trump card, & take back our country
crooked hillary clinton is 100% owned by her donors.
taxpayers are paying a fortune for the use of air force one on the campaign trail by president obama and crooked hillary. a total disgrace!
which team is your favorite?
why is president obama allowed to use air force one on the campaign trail with crooked hillary? she is flying with him tomorrow. who pays?
our vets are the pride of our nation. the va scandal is a  you can get food stamps so fast, our vets should get immediate care
our politically correct country will read the isis terrorists who beheaded the reporter their miranda rights prior to good food & care!
" @gopjenna : "i don't care about the game, i care about the people." and that's exactly why we the people love you so much!  "
....that has served our country is put on a waiting list and gets no care.
we have a sacred duty to care for our vets and their families. veterans deserve universal access to care anywhere and anytime!
how can hillary run the economy when she can't even send emails without putting entire nation at risk?
“any political leader who won’t face the future head on is putting the american dream at risk.” – the america we deserve
hillary clinton is a major national security risk. not presidential material!
our $17t national debt and $1t yearly budget deficits are a national security risk of the highest order.
the women of  are putting on a great show in this year's us open. amazing athletes.
we are trying to fight isis, and now our own people are killing our police. our country is divided and out of control. the world is watching
“you have to set higher and higher goals. you have to want more or you will start slipping backwards fast.” – think big
"you have to set higher and higher goals. you have to want more or you will start slipping backwards fast." -- think big
president obama spoke for me and every american in his remarks in  connecticut.
america needs a president who can negotiate better deals for the american people.
" @marianoqcasilum : please make it known now that you are a serious candidate for president. we, the american people need you to liberate usa
the people that gave you global warming are the same people that gave you obamacare!
court finds in favor of trump university
president obama spoke last night about a world that doesn’t exist. 70% of the people think our country is going in the wrong direction.
lance armstrong just got sued by the federal government-they want their money back-i told you so! what was he thinking when he did that int?
. @oreillyfactor was very negative to me in refusing to to post the great polls that came out today including nbc. @foxnews not good for me!
lance armstrong is now being sued by fed govt-what was he thinkking?
when i was 18, people called me donald trump. when he was 18, @barackobama was barry soweto. weird.
thank you! together we will  !
thank you america! together, we will all  !
thank you america! together- we will  !
thank you for your support! together we can  !
we are one nation. when one hurts, we all hurt. we must all work together-to lift each other up.
" @joeyjoe78 : great point! freedom is not free and the american people are tired of paying for it! it's time for other nations to pay up!"
for those of you in trouble—(in these troubled times)—never, ever give up!
"never, never, never give up." - winston churchill
@kwierzba never give up--keep at it!
on 9/11, we pray for the victims and their families of the attack and give thanks to all who have sacrificed for justice & our freedom.
so many people are angry at my comments on mexico—but face it—mexico is totally ripping off the us. our politicians are dummies!
hillary will never reform wall street. she is owned by wall street!
" @stephenfhayes : trump: "i have made a fortune against  know all of the killers on wall street." trump v china? "china has no chance!
let's not start celebrating over libya until we see who takes over.
rt @mittromney : for nearly 4 years, barack obama has refused to crack down on china's cheating & american workers have paid the price.
" @sensanders : i have a message for donald trump: no, we’re not going to hate latinos, we’re not going to hate muslims." i fully agree!
our country's debt crisis cannot be solved by tax increases. we must cut government spending.
america's debt crisis is our country's greatest challenge. spending must be curbed for our long term fiscal future.
this story is no longer about john mccain, it’s about our horribly treated vets. illegals are treated better than our wonderful veterans.
people like doing deals with me because they know it will be profitable, that i work quickly, and that they will be treated fairly.
wow, president obama's brother, malik, just announced that he is voting for me. was probably treated badly by president-like everybody else!
the veterans of our country have been treated like third class citizens for many years...
voting for @govgaryjohnson is voting for obama--don't waste your vote!
for success: find out what you love to do. trust yourself enough to find out what is best for you and what you're best at doing...
this is the best deal the republicans could get?
the best way to build a successful business is by results. in the end, that is what counts.
they say that if i participated in last night’s fox debate, they would have had 12 million more & would have broken the all time record.
total misnomer to call obamacare ‘the affordable care act.’ affordable for whom besides big businesses & congress w/their exemptions?
" @gopjenna : "i don't care about the game, i care about the people." and that's exactly why we the people love you so much!  "
let's not start celebrating over libya until we see who takes over.
is the boston killer eligible for obama care to bring him back to health?
thank you to all of our amazing military families, service members, and veterans.
today is armed forces day. thank you  to our military service members! i love you all!
. @jebbush has spent $63,000,000 and is at the bottom of the polls. i have spent almost nothing and am at the top. win! @hughhewitt
the veterans administration is in shambles and our veterans are suffering greatly. john mccain has done nothing to help them but talk.
crooked hillary has been fighting isis, or whatever she has been doing, for years. now she has new ideas. it is time for change.
have any questions? send them in.  /a
many people have been asking me to answer questions. you can ask me questions at any time.
“if you don't have time to do it right, when will you have time to do it over?” - john wooden
we have got to take our country back. it's time!
just did howard stern show-great time. now doing the today show with ivanka. enjoy!
now is the time to buy housing, before values have fully recovered. in 5 years, remember i told you so.
we have all the cards. now is the time to make a great deal with iran.
= obama's third term, which would be terrible news for our economic growth - seen below.
rosie is back on the view which tells you how desperate they must be. it is the standard short term fix and long term disaster.
if obamacare is not repealed then we can expect stagnant growth, long term unemployment and record high premiums.
getting ready to go to iowa today. big crowd - will be a great day!
getting ready to watch the debate--- as they say "let's get ready to rumble"!
get ready for tonight!
@dannyzuker , are you ready for the deal?
i will stand with police and protect all americans!
make sure to enjoy your time with your family during the holiday. it is a special time. love and appreciate your family.
@trainspartanfit your family and dad are great-your mother must have been amazing!
entrepreneurs: you have to have passion. if you love your work, success will follow.
whether you have someone managing your finances or you're doing it yourself, money, like anything, takes maintenance & planning to grow.
thank you for your support!
is this boring or is it just me?
" @sheryl_laine : donaldtrump not one thing about you is not loved. 2016 president! there is hope and where there is hope there is promise
i cannot believe how well certain areas are doing relative to the . there is no reason for this other than poor  should be 1
sorry, there is no star on the stage tonight!
is that all there is? we need a new president - fast!
happy thanksgiving to all. have a great day and look forward to the future. we will make america great again!
south carolina voters have the future of our country in their hands. vote now (today), and make america great again!
“any political leader who won’t face the future head on is putting the american dream at risk.” – the america we deserve
if cory booker is the future of the democratic party, they have no future! i know more about cory than he knows about himself.
i am promising you a new legacy for america. we're going to create a new american future. thank you ohio!
@forq2 are you making less than minimum wage, don't worry, the government will protect you. afraid to give your real name? you should be.
goofy elizabeth warren lied when she says i want to abolish the federal minimum wage. see media—asking for increase!
happy birthday @ivankatrump ! you are an amazing daughter!
happy 241st birthday to the @usarmy ! thank you!
thanks everybody for the happy birthday greetings, but it’s actually the 10th birthday of the apprentice. my birthday is june 14th....
. @ewanshearer happy birthday
@scottlara1961 have a happy birthday.
@tatorjuice wow, so nice! thanks, i wish i could have met him.
i only wish my wonderful daughter tiffany could have been with us at mar-a-lago for our great election victory. she is a winner!
i wish tonight's debate would cover more than foreign policy.
thank you ohio - see you tonight!
because of the tornado tragedy i will not be doing @piersmorgan tonight. i wish everyone well!
the last person that hillary or bernie want to run against is donald trump --- and that is fact!
when i say i would end obamacare, i would also come up with a plan that would be far better, much easier to understand, and cost less!
no-one has done more for people with disabilities than me. i have spent many millions of dollars to help out-and am happy to have done so!
the  post @omarosa . will it ever be the same?
"the only way to do great work is to love what you do." – steve jobs
why does the failing @wsj write a false editorial about me and let dummy @karlrove make the same mistake in the same edition of the paper?
virtually no-one has spent more money in helping the american people with disabilities than me. will discuss today at my speech in sarasota
"you can’t know it all yourself--anyone who thinks that they do is destined for mediocrity.” -- the way to the top
i got to know @johnboehner very well—he is a great guy who will do the right thing for the country!
"watch, listen, and learn. you can't know it all yourself. anyone who thinks they do is destined for mediocrity." donald trump"
 @team6q : watch, listen, and  . you can’t know it all yourself. anyone who thinks they do is destined for mediocrity.  trump
who thinks that president obama is totally incompetent?
look how bad it is getting! how much more crime, how many more shootings, will it take for african-americans and latinos to vote trump=safe!
" @thtswhtkelsaid : i'm fed up w/ dc playing 3 card monty w/ our tax $'s. it's time we the people play the trump card, & take back our country
“money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep  excitement is playing the game.”–the art of the deal
if hillary thinks she can unleash her husband, with his terrible record of women abuse, while playing the women's card on me, she's wrong!
"you have to love what you do or you are never going to be successful no matter what you do in life." - think big
"you have to love what you do or you are never going to be successful no matter what you do in life.” - think big
“you have to keep going and moving forward, no matter what is happening around you or to you.” – think like a champion
“go as far as you can see; when you get there, you'll be able to see farther.” -- j. p. morgan
"go as far as you can see; when you get there, you'll be able to see farther." -- . morgan
the podium in the oval office looks odd! not good, but the words will be the key.
randy moss should not be bragging about himself—i’m the only one who is allowed to do that!
. police and law enforcement seem to have killed one of the california shooters and are in a shootout with the others. go police
we are trying to fight isis, and now our own people are killing our police. our country is divided and out of control. the world is watching
i will stand with police and protect all americans!
the democratic convention has paid zero respect to the great police and law enforcement professionals of our country. no recognition - sad!
now that the ineffective baltimore police have allowed the city to be destroyed, are the . taxpayers expected to rebuild it (again)?
“i also plan to keep making deals, big deals, and right around the clock.” – the art of the deal
" @tom38ts i wanted trump to be the president in 2012 the country needs trump to be the next president in 2016"
our president is a great embarrassment to the . how could anybody be so dumb or know so little as to make the very stupid 5 for 1 swap?
we now have confirmation as to one reason crooked h wanted to be sure that nobody saw her e-mails - pay-for-play. how can she run for pres.
we are going to win and make america great again, maybe better than ever before!
as iran began the process of taking over iraq, many people wanted me to say that “i told you so!” – so, i told you so.
we will only be the land of the free as long as we are home of the brave!
thank you iowa! great night---see you soon!
see you soon arizona!
thank you arizona! see you soon!
thank you georgia! see you soon!
i am in iowa. will be interviewed on this week with @gstephanopoulos this morning. enjoy!
obama thinks he can just laugh off the fact that he refuses to release his records to the american public. he can't.
fact – the reason why americans have to worry about a government shutdown is because obama refuses to pass a budget.
can you believe that "president" karzai of afghanistan is holding out for more, more, more and refuses to sign deal. tell him to go to hell!
how does this cast look to you? pretty amazing.
@kennethhazlett an answer would not be pretty!
. @justinrose99 great playing--we are proud of you!
great job @erictrump ! proud of you!
. @heytana , great job - we are all proud of you!
" @blt21muttrades : people are just mad that you're doing so good so they are gonna do they're best to stop you. not gonna happen  "
" @apprenticenbc : by the way — you will not want to miss  next week on  . that's all we're gonna say."
"@iosuahh: it feels good working overtime & knowing your next check is gonna make you feel like donald trump for a day. " cute!
" @puppyslug : donaldtrump: mayweather is gonna win just like you gonna win presdidency 2016 you r both winners who deliver knockouts!"
if you're going to be thinking, you may as well think big.
today is the 53rd anniversary of the march on washington - today we honor the enduring fight for justice, equality and opportunity.
we can't let this happen. we should march on washington and stop this travesty. our nation is totally divided!
over the years, i've discovered that for a brand to build, the people surrounding it have to work exceptionally well together.
the middle-class has worked so hard, are not getting the kind of jobs that they have long dreamed of - and no effective raise in years. bad
. @club4growth asked me for $1 million. i said no. now falsely advertising that i will raise taxes. i’ll lower big league for middle class.
we have to bring back and cherish the middle class - once the backbone and true strength of the . it can happen!
" @rjispy : @gop @teapartyexpress @foxnews @teapartyorg -other candidates need to kowtow to their billionaires, trump does not have to."
the middle-class has become the new poor in this country and our incompetent politicians are unable to do anything about  don't care!
the more you learn about the debt deal, the worse it gets.
" @tom38ts i wanted trump to be the president in 2012 the country needs trump to be the next president in 2016"
i am impressed with how clearly @paulryanvp explains the challenges we face and the solutions @mittromney will bring as president.
crooked hillary clinton is totally unfit to be our president-really bad judgement and a temperament, according to new book, which is a mess!
looking forward to the @cadillacchamp at trump doral next week, 3.6.-3.10. can’t wait to meet the attendees.
can you believe the head of iran refused to meet with our great president?—zero respect!
great afternoon in little havana with hispanic community leaders. thank you for your support!
melania and i will be appearing on larry king live tonight, 9 . on cnn. be sure to tune in for some great conversation!
thank you south carolina!
thank you, south carolina!
thank you for the support, south carolina!
thank you for all of your support, south carolina!
heading to south carolina now - meeting with fantastic people!
"@rtmatador trump says things that no one else would even consider saying, i agree with him on the immigration situation, i love honesty"
think big! you are going to be thinking anyway, so you might as well think big!
here we go with the oscars!
no, i wasn't at the @yankees game yesterday- can't go today either. when i go, they win.
 @menofhistory : i like thinking big... if you're going to be thinking anyway, you might as well think big.  trump
“i like thinking big. to me it’s very simple: if you’re going to be thinking anyway, you might as well think big.” – the art of the deal
"@roxanetancredi: democrats are coming to trump. i used to be proud of the dem party. no more it is crooked and not for the people."
fun to watch the democrats working so hard to win the great state of south carolina when i just won the republican version - amazing people!
why can't the leaders of the republican party see that i am bringing in new voters by the millions-we are creating a larger, stronger party!
does everyone see that the democrats and president obama are now, because of me, starting to deport people who are here illegally. politics!
with democrats spitzer, danger-weiner & filner, which party really has the war on women?
the veterans of our country have been treated like third class citizens for many years...
it would be nice if our commander-in-chief was as concerned for our veterans health as he is for illegal immigrants becoming citizens.
our vets are treated like 3rd class citizens. enough! join me & @v4sa on @ussiowa at la waterfront to hear my plan for vets & the military!
ted cruz said on @oreillyfactor that illegals sent out of country by my administration would come right back as citizens. another lie-crazy!
if you think we have a problem with social security and medicare now, try taking in millions of new citizens all at once.
i am leaving for sioux city, iowa - great event (rally).
thank you des moines, iowa! governor @mike_pence and i appreciate your support!
on my way to iowa. will be landing in des moines in two hours. see ya!
a great evening in iowa! thank you des moines area community college for a great forum!
gallup finds des moines, iowa, has the highest community pride (76.5) of any large city. congrats and i agree--i love the place! @desmoines
"to become a champion, fight one more round." -- james j. corbett, long ago heavyweight champion
“compete with yourself to be the best you can be.” – think like a champion
i don't want to be the only billionaire in america---i want all americans to be rich.
"if you want to be successful, two important considerations are passion and efficiency." - think like a champion
"have passion for what you do and be efficient at the same time." - think like a champion
go out and vote--- this will be the most important election of our time!
hillary clinton may be the most corrupt person ever to seek the presidency. - j. trump
this will be one of the biggest and most beautiful miss universe events ever.
bernie sanders endorsing crooked hillary clinton is like occupy wall street endorsing goldman sachs.
" @tom38ts i wanted trump to be the president in 2012 the country needs trump to be the next president in 2016"
thank you! vote in 2016!
" @charlesfowler : we need a broader field and candidates who are not professional politicians, you would be a breath of fresh air  "
" @billyhaze : great interview tuesday past with jim gardner, must be a breath of fresh air speaking with such a well respected journalist"
i hate to say it, but the republican convention was far more interesting (with a much more beautiful set) than the democratic convention!
the roll call is beginning at the republican national convention. very exciting!
we should be focusing on beautiful, clean air & not on wasteful & very expensive global warming bullshit! china & others are hurting our air
the final five—this has been a fight—and i think the fight will continue…
the only deal the republicans should accept is a complete repeal of obamacare. you have them on the run - don't fold - go for it!
speaker john boehner, who i like, should never have agreed to raise taxes because the republicans got absolutely nothing for it!
the only people who are not interested in being the . pick are the people who have not been asked!
republicans have the cards because of the debt ceiling—but it doesn’t seem that way!
the house voting to repeal was the first bipartisan vote on obamacare. the gop must continue to repeal, defund, disrupt!
selfies- yes or no?
" @nbcsnl : backstage with trump.   "
@theellenshow ellen, you should get rid of andy lassner - the guy has absolutely no imagination or talent. good try last night!
just said at  that "politicians are all talk and no action and we are all tired of it! we need action and results to move forward!"
i believe in  and that means family first! my childcare plan reflects the needs of modern working-class families.
@johnboehner mr. speaker, bring the balanced budget amendment to the floor for a vote! let's get the ball rolling.
iran will only get stronger in iraq with the latest civil war. we should have taken the oil immediately after the invasion.
the stage is set for the real debate--it will be very interesting!
“winning takes talent, to repeat takes character.” - john wooden
sorry, there is no star on the stage tonight!
i have self funded my winning primary campaign with an approx. $50 million loan. i have totally terminated the loan!
" @derekcarlson : donaldtrump turned a $1 million loan into $10 billion. that's like you turning a $1,000 loan into $10 million. couldyoudoit?
great afternoon in little havana with hispanic community leaders. thank you for your support!
thank you faith and freedom forum & @urbandaleschool . i had a great time in iowa today!
i am especially grateful for the tremendous support i have received from the evangelicals in the just out iowa cnn poll. thank you!
" @jezzak : if the trump hotel honolulu is any reflection how you would be as president then i think the  will be in good hands" thank you!
horrific incident in fl. praying for all the victims & their families. when will this stop? when will we get tough, smart & vigilant?
my prayers and condolences to the victims and families of the terrible tragedy in nice, france. we are with you in every way!
on 9/11, we pray for the victims and their families of the attack and give thanks to all who have sacrificed for justice & our freedom.
" @kolbytraveller  is more than just talk. i hope he wins the election and gets something done for once in this country.  "
"sometimes the best thing you can do is just let things ride, let time go by." donald j. trump
didn't the boston killer even run over his own brother with a car in order to get away? we are not dealing with an innocent baby here-death
@lawrence there is no such thing--- they can't get much lower than yours.
@rebamoreland thank you & the same to you and yours.
" @carolburnett3 : @anncoulter i just love the way ann coulter remembers your acts of kindness donald trump....go trump we love you"
back in ny from scotland and fighting for our country to get better. trump international golf links scotland opened to rave reviews.
the blue monster at trump national doral recieved rave reviews from both players and architectural critics following the cadillac ks
the massive blue monster @trumpdoral is getting rave reviews. i built it in one year—no easy feat!
thank you to everyone for the wonderful reviews of my speech on thursday night. from the heart!
"if you're going through hell, keep going." -- winston churchill
"if you're going through hell, keep going." --winston churchill
we are going to bring steel and manufacturing back to indiana!
" @sensanders : i have a message for donald trump: no, we’re not going to hate latinos, we’re not going to hate muslims." i fully agree!
will be back soon virginia. we are going to make america great again!
iraq is no longer our problem. we never should have been there in the first place!
in other words, our military has a very big problem!
our country, under president obama, is on life support! great leaders must bring people together.
i will bring our jobs back to the ., and keep our companies from leaving. nobody else can do it. our economy will "sing" again.
a doctor on nbc nightly news agreed with me-we should not bring ebola into our country through two patients, but should bring docs to them.
make america great again!
" @lee_richter : trump will make america safe again...he will make america legal again...he will make america great again!  usa"
make america great again! make america safe again!
we have to make america great again!
trump will make america great!!!!
crooked hillary called it totally wrong on brexit - she went with obama - and now she is saying we need her to lead. she would be a disaster
how can crooked hillary say she cares about women when she is silent on radical islam, which horribly oppresses women?
but whenever she sees me, she kisses my ass. she's disgusting. @bettemidler
" @realjuliemallen indeed she was  she also looks like she was beautiful person as well great moms matter they shape who wer" thank you
by the way, where is @oprah ? good question. 4 years ago she strongly supported obama--now she is silent. anyway, who cares, i adore oprah.
“remember people’s names and small details about them. use both in conversation...
going on letterman now - let me know what you think - how did i do? here we go!
in the upcoming new year we will focus like never before - if we do that we will have complete and total victory in all we do!
“the way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.” – walt disney
“the way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.” - walt disney
@995mu wow--that would certainly be interesting.
@frankibe i certainly did--in spades.
great twitter poll- and i wasn't even there. thank you!
“strong men have sound ideas and the force to make these ideas effective.” -- andrew mellon
@simonsam it is trump water--thanks.
we are building china's wealth by buying all their products, even though we make better products in america.
trump will make america great!!!!
we should stop talking, stay out of syria and other countries that hate us, rebuild our own country and make it strong and great again-usa!
@alyx518 and many other countries!
make america great again!
" @suhreenaa : donald trump still my favorite song!!"
" @lukebrinker : one year from today.  "
yesterday was @barackobama 's favorite day of the year--he collects our taxes to redistribute.
happy new year everyone...it will be an interesting one!
which team is your favorite?
president obama is the best thing that ever happened to jimmy carter!
“if it’s worth doing, it’s worth fighting for. you’ll have lots of people and obstacles in your way. work & fight to get beyond them."
“if it’s worth doing, it’s worth fighting for. you’ll have lots of people & obstacles in your way. fight to get beyond them.”–midas touch
" @sheryl_laine : donaldtrump not one thing about you is not loved. 2016 president! there is hope and where there is hope there is promise
even jimmy carter just released a statement saying that obama doesn't have a clue. that has to be a new low!
we are one nation. when one hurts, we all hurt. we must all work together-to lift each other up.
we are one nation. when one state hurts, we all hurt. we must all work together - to lift each other up.
"rosechem1 one of the reasons that i like you is because i feel that old american greatness in your mentality. it makes me feel hope!" thx.
head of air force's anti-sexual assault unit arrested for sexual assault! it just seems that our country is not what it used to be.
i went to @miketyson 's play. i will be doing a review in the next  .
many people ask me to review things. as i see them, i will do so.
wow, a really great review of my golf club in scotland, @trumpscotland , in . thank you!
thank you to @foxandfriends for the great review of the speech on immigration last night. thank you also to the great people of arizona!
very few people read the national review because it only knows how to criticize, but not how to lead.
with all of the bad economic numbers and horrendous foreign policy, obama should be down by 12 points--and he's not.
obama is a disaster at foreign policy. never had the experience or knowledge. he is not capable of doing the job.
our foreign policy decisions are dumbest in . history
taxpayers are paying a fortune for the use of air force one on the campaign trail by president obama and crooked hillary. a total disgrace!
i wish tonight's debate would cover more than foreign policy.
" @therealhabanero : the thought of you becoming president of the united states is the only thing that gives me hope for this country's future
the united states needs great deals - and fast. we have to make our country rich again in order to make our country great again!
remember, china is not a friend of the united states!
the united states needs to fix its own problems, of which there are many, first!
don't worry, the united states will be great again!
