reason 3 of many why hillary should be our next president.
hillary in new york yesterday:
this is just common sense. it's time for congress to act.
"they want to put immigrants who work hard and pay taxes at risk of deportation."
"the third key driver of income gains alongside strong growth and fair growth must be long-term growth."
what the world needs now is love.
“even if people don’t vote for me in november, i’m going to be for them and for you every single day.”
thank you for the support, @billdeblasio .
"she's never stopped fighting for children." 4 people explain why they canvass for hillary:
is this the president we want for our daughters?
hillary at tonight’s  :
america needs strong, smart, steady leadership. the last thing we need are leaders who incite more fear.
the arctic is a unique treasure. given what we know, it's not worth the risk of drilling. 
let's go win this, together.
when we talk about the outrage happening in flint, it's important to talk about who lives there.
you'll tell the story of your night at @hamiltonmusical with hillary. enter to win here:
you can go to  to make sure you are registered. and i hope you all will. 
i’m running for president to make our economy work for you and for every american. it's your time. let's do this together. 
missing jon stewart already.   
happy birthday, @potus .
how many more of these do we have to sit through? asking for a friend.
cheers, from youngstown, ohio.
"he preyed on...people who had fallen on hard times. he’s conned them, he’s defrauded them, and he’s ripped them off.” —warren on trump
they're voting. are you? make sure you're registered:
if trump had his way, the federal minimum wage would be $0.
it’s great to be back on the campaign trail.  in north carolina. watch live:
we love you back, @potus .
new us embassy in havana helps us engage cuban people & build on efforts to support positive change. good step for us & cuban people. 
we face serious challenges in the world—but americans will not turn on each other, turn on our allies, or turn away from our principles.
hillary on equal pay: "this is not a women’s issue. this is a family issue. this is an american economic issue."
as your president, i will always have your back. 
"in america, every family should feel like they belong."
we have to stand up to this hate. we have to send a clear message: america is better than this. america is better than donald trump.
we are not going to privatize the ., we’re going to reform it. 
when you short-change women, you short-change families and you short-change america.  on why she's fighting for equal pay
one positive thing trump could do to make america great again? actually make great things in america:
rt if you're on her side all the way to the white house.
we had a big night on super tuesday. now, we have to keep fighting even harder. when we stand together, there's nothing we can't do.
access to higher education should be a right, not a privilege for those who can afford it.
stop the raids. stop the round ups. stop the deporting.
a vote for hillary is a vote for four more years of kate mckinnon's impression.
a day to remember.
a big, beautiful list of literally every tweet donald trump has sent about mexico over the last two years.
which gop candidate would you want to see hillary take on in a debate? cast your vote!
hillary is the tough leader we need as our next president. add your name if you agree:
here's what you need to know about trump's "university."
our veterans and military families deserve better.
had enough? do something about it:
. @theeconomist declared donald trump one of the 10 biggest threats to the global economy.   /
as we methodists like to say: do all the good you can for all the people you can in all the ways you can. 
hillary at the  .
the "winners" from last night's  :
thank you, @berniesanders . thank you for your leadership and your support in this campaign. 
people had some fun with a new game we invented: sad! libs.
it's the first big event of hillary's campaign. you should be there. enter by midnight:
agree? get your free sticker:
one positive thing trump could do to make america great again? actually make great things in america:
the aca has brought health coverage to millions of americans. we are going to build on that progress, not start over.
no, barack obama is not the founder of isis.
well done, ireland. 
he’s always doing that.
we don’t need to make america great again. america never stopped being great. but we do need to make america whole again.  in sc
we need to start listening to each other. hearing each other. walking in each other’s shoes.
during hillary's facebook q&a, we found out who's really playing the  .
the aca is on the line in this election. we won’t let it be repealed or start from scratch. we’ll expand until we hit universal coverage. 
on foreign policy, the use of force should always be the last resort—not the first choice. 
happening today in the silver state: @hillaryfornv is training organizers to help elect hillary clinton.   tatus/607225235658653696 …
your loved ones deserve the best care—without you having to worry about your paycheck.  a-4c91-8ae4-4a9e05112f8e …
president trump? cruz? rubio? carson?
i will say what donald trump won’t: judge curiel is as american as i am and as american as donald trump. 
our teachers deserve more than just a pat on the back. they deserve a raise.
there's only one candidate on stage who will support working families.
america is stronger because of president obama's leadership, and i am better because of his friendship. 
two weeks to iowa!
i want to be a president for all americans, not just for some americans; democrats, republicans, independents. 
when you have a really, really good night.
we cannot let wall street wreck our economy ever again.
i’ve broken bread w/ all of my fellow  but we’ve never broken ground! great visit to @statedept yesterday.
thank you, @potus .
well said, coach auriemma. keep winning, @usabasketball .
if you’re running for president, you should say what you want to do, how you’re going to pay for it, and how you’ll get it done. 
pres. obama doesn't get the credit he deserves for the job he's done...i want to build on that progress—but i want to go further. 
meet the starting line-up for team trump at the  :
let’s go forward. let’s win the nomination. 
it’s not just that trump doesn’t know what he’s talking about when it comes to national security. his words are dangerous, and they hurt us.
a majority of americans and a majority of gun owners support universal background checks.
democrats, we are the party of working people. 
editorial boards in tuesday primary states are urging their readers to vote for hillary clinton. here's why.
ask yourselves: what kind of justice would a president trump appoint? or for that matter, what kind of attorney general? 
rt if you agree with hillary.
this is why i do it and this is who i’m in it for—to make life better for children and families. 
we need to rein in risky behavior on wall street. hillary's plan:
hillary at the  :
hillary's statement on the trans-pacific partnership:
enter to win a signed copy of hillary and tim's new book!
let the world know that you’re proud to stand with hillary. get your free magnet now →
. @jimmyfallon interviewed hillary for the job of president.
the nra. big pharma. the koch brothers. american families need a champion to defend them from special interests.
we can’t cozy up to dictators; we have to stand up to them. we can’t contain isis; we must defeat it. and we will.
wow. thank you, nashua!   tatus/693454402087071748 …
thank you, @potus .
. @potus has kept the economy strong and the country safe. that's what the president needs to do. that’s the job.
it’s great to be back on the campaign trail.  in north carolina. watch live:
we are better than this.
