our next president must stop china's rip-off of america.
it’s freezing in new york—where the hell is global warming?
remember @jebbush wants common core (education from .) and is very weak on illegal immigration ("come as act of love"). not a leader!
wow, because of the pressure put on by me, ice to launch large scale deportation raids. it's about time!
= obama's third term, which would be terrible news for our economic growth - seen below.
lance armstrong is having a breakdown. what is he doing—his life is now officially over!
entrepreneurs: be ready for problems--you'll have them every day. keep open to new ideas--that's where innovation begins.
great parade in the villages- i love you all. we will  . thank you for the incredible support-i will not forget!
obama is making speeches excoriating the republicans, and they never answer back. why aren’t they fighting?
" @abraham : my only regret is that there isn't 3 donaldtrump's so my daughters could marry the smartest, most handsome man in the world! cute
crowd was amazing tonight at trump national doral in miami. love and excitement in the ballroom. tomorrow at noon in jacksonville!
the last thing this country needs is another bush!
" @ajbruno14 thanks, old post office is hidden treasure, worth the time to visit!" it will be fantastic!
no, i wasn't at the @yankees game yesterday- can't go today either. when i go, they win.
all he does is go on television is talk, talk, talk, but incapable of doing anything.
i always enjoy watching young entrepreneurs enter the business world. i can tell who reads my books and who doesn’t.
make sure you take some time to enjoy the weekend. important for your mind and will help you be productive next week.
with our record debt & trillion $ deficits, our $ is now at an all-time low against the chinese yuan. time for our gov't to work together.
while jon stewart is a joke, not very bright and totally overrated, some losers and haters will miss him and his dumb clown humor. too bad!
happy belated birthday to chris wallace! chris does a great job every week on @foxnewssunday . like father, like son.
i have many great people but also an amazing number of haters and losers responding to my tweets-why do these lowlifes follow-nothing to do!
why would ohio listen to bruce springsteen reading his lines? be careful or i will go to ohio and @mittromney will win it!
“don’t toss off your problems, and don’t dwell on them either. deal with them!” – think like a champion
" @chaddryann : keep doing what you're doing! you're attracting attention and people are talking more then they were before!  "
it is so important to audit the federal reserve, and yet ted cruz missed the vote on the bill that would allow this to be done.
the north carolina  was a great time. i loved meeting everyone. let's carry it to victory in november.
@missusa olivia--we love you. you are doing a great job.
i watched mark cuban on jay leno last night - what a jerk!
15k in ok! had to turn away 5k, but we are coming back soon to take care of them! so much love in the crowd! thanks!
this week we saw what obama care actually does when implemented. it is a losing issue for @barackobama and must be repealed.
always leave your ego at the door during negotiations. remember, it’s only business and there will always be another day!
" @thejimlewis : i really like the  collection, quality is outstanding, feel like a  wearing it.  "
what message does it send when @barackobama 's campaign has to spin whether america is better off than it was 4 years ago?
" @housecracka : donald trump is going to win the presidency. get on board the  its going to be  " thanks.
hope and change? job numbers down. time for @mittromney
i will be in beautiful burlington, vermont, tonight for a rally. will be great fun. make america great again!
it’s friday. how many millions has the white house wasted on the obamacare website today?
why do we keep broadcasting when we are going to attack syria. why can't we just be quiet and, if we attack at all, catch them by surprise?
how did snowden, with not even a high school education, get access to top secret . records. he then gave, or sold, those records-traitor!
@barackobama should stop pressuring israel against attacking iran and worry how he will stop the iranian nuclear drive. @barackobama
four more years of weakness with a crooked hillary administration is not acceptable. look what has happened to the world with o & hillary!
remember when you vote, obamacare is a disaster!
mexico sent usmc andrew tahmooressi back to jail after court hearing. mexico does not respect our border or . boycott!
" @barreto_eugenio : @mittromney it's sad, but gop does not want you as their candidate. but we the people do. latinos for trump."
" @manakoa :donaldtrump, you are fearless! this interview shows you are the leader we need. @megynkelly is a tough interview! respect to both"
great advice from my father: "know everything you can about what you're doing." -- fred c. trump
we have a sacred duty to care for our vets and their families. veterans deserve universal access to care anywhere and anytime!
i've had enough of this - good night!
tomorrow is the 10 year anniversary of the apprentice, one of the biggest hits in television history. how time flies!
"if you can't say great things about yourself, who do you think will?" - think like a champion
remember, i'll see you in . at the capitol building on wednesday at 1:00 o'clock. then dallas on sept.14 at 6:00 . american air center
it was my great honor to defend @dennisrodman on @apprenticenbc last night—he has come a long way and for the good!
thank you iowa! i appreciate all of your support @iowacentral & @ethanolbypoet this evening!
the new hot term that they have recently invented is polar vortex - give me a break!
it has just been confirmed by the city of mobile, alabama, that there were 30,000 people at last nights event, making it  pol season.
the american people agree. no free pass for  !
 @w4djt : under a trump presidency, america will make brilliant new trade deals!  trump   
i have brought millions of people into the republican party, while the dems are going down. establishment wants to kill this movement!
so nice to get an endorsement from the founder and owner of pizza ranch in iowa! a great guy and great places!
" @krb117 : “ @ivankatrump : @coachdanmullen welcome to  and good luck on wednesday! cc:  ” well well..  "
" @maxtucci : @ucfoundation  you have the best staff.. it's always a pleasure doing events at your home  "
make america great again!
our country has to come together. we have to start working with, and really liking, each other. the whole world is watching baltimore.
. @ascottpga really solid playing--keep going!
the economy won't fully recover until @obamacare is fully repealed. it is a job killer!
thank you to all for the wonderful reviews of my foreign policy speech. i will soon be speaking in great detail on numerous other topics!
. @dennisrodman is always hard to miss-especially when dressed in silver finery. but not sure about the silver lipstick.
sometimes your best investments are the ones you don't make.
such bad reporting: a puff piece on ben carson in the @nytimes states that carson "is trying to solidify his lead." but i am  easily! sad
" @piersmorgan : jeb bush was as ineffectual as ever. as always, @david_gergen calls it right: trump held them off.  "
pat buchanan gave a fantastic interview this morning on @cnn - way to go pat, way ahead of your time!
remember, cruz and bush gave us roberts who upheld  twice! i am the only one who will  !
i hope arnold s. does well with the apprentice because he is a nice guy and also, because i get a big percentage of the profits!
wow, the dallas event in two weeks looks like a big winner! get your tickets (american airlines center) fast!
are republicans suicidal? now they want to push amnesty through congress. allowing democrats into the country.
good night everyone - sleep well and tomorrow have many victories!
wow, new polls just out have trump up and cruz down - he is a nervous wreck!
broken promises. a broken billion dollar website. obamacare can’t be fixed. repeal!
@robrosales1 thank you rob!
thank you to tom brady, coach ditka, coach bobby knight and all of the many champions that have been so supportive!
. @lord_sugar how did you enjoy mar-a-lago? it was nice having you there--my people thought you were terrific!
afghanistan leaders want the . to keep 20, 000 troops there for many more years, fully paid for by the ., but first they want apology.
people are loving the new line of trump ties and shirts at macy's. check them out!
"sometimes the best thing you can do is just let things ride, let time go by." donald j. trump
obama said in his speech that muslims are our sports heroes. what sport is he talking about, and who? is obama profiling?
the majority of americans agree with @mittromney 's comments on @israel and iran.
i am growing the republican party tremendously - just look at the numbers, way up! democrats numbers are significantly down from years past.
even the @nytimes and @washingtonpost editorial boards condemned justice ginsburg for her ethical and legal breach. what was she thinking?
how does @hbo employ @billmaher with a pathetic show that he does---- what kind of "a special" is that? complete garbage!
do you agree with the client's decision?
" @coachabda : please don't change a thing. your attitude is exactly what this country  tip-toeing, this man tells it how it is!"
yesterday was a referendum on obamacare & all other obama fiascos. republicans can now rein him in.
i’ll be at the blue monster at trump national doral all weekend watching the cadillac world championships. @trumpdoral @cadillacchamp
china has a backdoor into the trans-pacific partnership. this deal does not address currency manipulation. china is laughing at us.
if you stop by trump tower (fifth avenue between 56th and 57th streets) you can buy a pre-signed copy of  .
entrepreneurs: set the example, and you'll be a magnet for the right people. that's the best way to work with people you like.
i will be interviewed on @greta at 7:00 . @foxnews
little marco rubio, the lightweight no show senator from florida, is set to be the "puppet" of the special interest koch brothers. watch!
here we go! i stated long ago that we should cancel all flights from west africa. now we have ebola in ., and it will only get worse!
wow, reviews are in - thank you!
thank you anaheim, california!
at the debate, the president kept talking of what he is going to do. i kept saying, why didn't he do it? he lost me a long time ago.
heading to north carolina for two big rallies. will be there soon. we will bring jobs back where they belong!
@johnboehner debt ceiling- "sometimes no deal is better than a bad deal."
